ANNIVERSARY EDITION
GRANADA PIONEER
Vol. III, No. 1 Friday, November 3, 1944 Amache, Colorado

$1,031 PLEDGED TO NATIONAL WAR FUND
The amount pledged for this year's National War Fund Drive in the center soared to $1,031.87, as of October 31, disclosed John D. Neal, CA supervisor and chairman of the present drive. This figure is a combined total of the entire center, as this year the evacuee residents have also been asked to contribute.
Chairman Neal stated that there were several contacts yet to be made among the appointed personnel, while tomorrow night's War Fund talent show, sponsored by the Amache Community Council, is expected to substantially swell the final figure. Neal was well pleased with the response given by the residents to his fund drive and committee.

FIRE TUESDAY NIGHT
A fire, believed to be of incendiary origin, caused extensive damages to the men’s latrine in the warehouse area on Tuesday night at about 6:30 p.m. Damages were estimated at $250.
Joseph Donnegan, assistant storekeeper, discovered the blaze and quickly notified the fire department, which sent its "B" platoon into action. 
Acting Fire Chief Jerry Sullivan and his small but efficient platoon soon had the blaze under control. Both William B. Wroth, senior engineer, and Chief Sullivan, reported after examining the premises that there were indications the fire may have been started by Halloween pranksters.

TAKIE KUSUMOKI JOINS WACS AT DES MOINES
Miss Takako “Taxie” Kusumoki, formerly with the PIONEER staff, joined the Women’s Army Corps recently in Cincinnati. She donned the uniform of the WACs to begin her basic training at Fort Des Moines, Iowa, this week.
Taxie is best remembered for her popular and witty column, "Between Us Girls," which appeared regularly in the PIONEER.

FARM HARVEST REACHES PEAK
The volunteer farm harvest project reached its peak last Wednesday, as over 400 residents responded to the call, re-volunteering and completely overrunning the fields. They reaped carrots, sweet potatoes, celery, sorghum, and beets, stated William M. Fuller, operations chief.
The block managers and their secretaries, along with the administrative management section and students, composed the huge army of toilers who swarmed the farm. The farm mess crew nearly reached a nervous breakdown in accomplishing the amazing feat of feeding 400 hungry workers.
(Continued on page 3)

2nd Anniversary Message
On October 28, 1942, the first issue of the GRANADA PIONEER was published. In the two years since that date, this newspaper has grown and developed as the community of Amache has grown and developed. To the present members of the GRANADA PIONEER staff and to the scores of hte past memebers who have other relocated or joined the armed forces: Congratulations on a job well done!
It has been the duty and obligation of the PIONEER to furnish to Amache residents an accurate, unbiased, and authetnic presentation of facts through the news columns and opinions through the editorial columns. Each of the half-dozen editors, who at one tiem or another has been in charge of hte paper, ahs strived to fufill this obligation. Each has done an excellent job.
Although considerations of hte past may at times be helpful, it is the present and future that are of most importance. Despite staff shortages and verious production problems, the PIONEER staff still continue to do its very best in serving the needs of the people. The factors and with continue to as time goes on. It will be the primary objective of the PIONEER to keep resdients informed of these changes both inside the confines of the center and outside the as a while.
And so, the PIONEER looks to the future. The coming months will, no doubt, bring new developments of great significance to all residents in this nation. I know taht the PIONEER staff members will do their utmost to report the news quickly, accurately, and completely.
Joe McClelland, Reports Officer