KILLED BY THE DOVER EXPRESS.

On Saturday morning, about six o'clock, a platelayer named David Hayden, of Shortlands, in the employ of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company was knocked down and killed by the Dover express near Beckenham Junction Station. It appears that the deceased was going to his work, walking up the line between or near the up rails. This is contrary to the custom, because in such a position he was in the way of trains approaching from behind, which he would be less likely to notice than those approaching from the front. The driver pulled up after the accident and gave information at Beckenham Station, and the deceased was found lying unconscious but not actually dead on the line, his head bearing unmistakable evidence that it had been struck by the engine. He died on the way to St. George's Hospital.

A PROMINENT speaker at a free traders' meeting at Madrid, on Monday, stated that there are in Spain more than a million and a half male adults occupied in different industries and liberal professions, and these, with the exception of some 59,000 Catalans, are eager for free trade; while of these Catalans 54,000 are from Barcelona.

At the Bow-street Police-court, on Monday, John Mahony was charged with assault. John Donally, of New Temple-buildings, said that about seven o'clock on Saturday evening he was sitting in a bar in the Black Horse public-house in Bedfordbury, when he saw the prisoner being ejected from one of the compartments. Prisoner was put outside, but afterwards came into the bar in which witness was. The prisoner made some remarks to him and struck him on the cheek. He closed with the man and got him on the ground, and in the struggle the prisoner bit his hand. A constable was fetched and the prisoner was given in charge. Sergeant White, the gaoler, said that the prisoner belonged to a very bad gang of men, and had been charged several times. Prisoner was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment.

On Monday, at the Bow-street Police-court, James Foley was charged with assault. Thomas Renwick, of Queen-street, Long Acre, said that on Saturday night at about twelve o'clock he was standing at his door when he saw the prisoner come up behind an old man, jump on his back, knock him down, and hit him. The person assaulted was in witness's employ. A policeman was sent for, and witness held the prisoner till he arrived. While he was detaining the man he struck him in the eye, and kicked at him. The prisoner had just come out of the Clock House public-house, where it was said that he had twisted a woman's nose and broken it. The prisoner stated that if he was locked up he would put a knife into the prosecutor when he came out, and would be hanged for him. A constable said that he saw the prisoner assault Mr. Renwick. The accused had been several times convicted, and was now sentenced to two months' imprisonment for the assault, and afterwards to find a surety in £10 to be of good behaviour for eight months.

