DAMAGING CONSTABLES UNIFORM.

On Monday, at the Westminster Police-court, Harold Clifton Baring, twenty-five, horsekeeper, was charged with being drunk, disorderly, and assaulting Fox and Cooke, constables of the T Division. He was further charged with damaging the uniform of one of the officers. Constable Fox, 335 T, stated that shortly after twelve o'clock on Saturday night he saw the prisoner drunk and leaning against a public-house at the corner of Church-street, Chelsea. On ordering him away, he made use of most filthy language, and said that no one policeman should move him. Witness endeavoured to get him away, and he then became very violent, threw witness in a struggle, and kicked him in the leg. A man named Clarke said that he went to the assistance of the police, and saw the prisoner deliberately kick the constable. The prisoner was drunk. Cooke, 198 T, corroborated, and gave evidence to the effect that whilst assisting his brother constable on the way to the station prisoner kicked him (witness) on the calf of the leg and tried to throw him. Prisoner altogether denied the drunkenness and assaults, and said that he had been repeatedly threatened by the police of the district because he was a witness in the case of Mrs. Jeffries. The police had boasted that they meant to have him the first chance they could get, and on Saturday night he was taken into custody for no reason at all. Edward Walker, a cabman, and Hunt, a labourer, who were drinking with the prisoner in the public-house until closing time, swore that he was sober. The first-named witness also asserted that the constable Fox threw the accused down and knelt on his chest. J. Minahan, ex-inspector of police at Chelsea Station, and now described as a debt collector, volunteered his evidence. He wished the magistrate to know that in the case of Mrs. Jeffries the prisoner was one of his witnesses, and through this he had incurred the animosity of the police. Prisoner complained at the Middlesex Sessions that the Chelsea police had threatened him because he was one of the witnesses prepared to depose that he had seen them receive money. Minahan added that other witnesses had been threatened by the police. Mr. D'Eyncourt said he had little doubt that the prisoner was drunk. He would, however, give him the opportunity of calling witnesses. Prisoner was put back so that the next case, a charge of disorderly conduct against Thomas Stonham, clerk, of 17, Paulton-square, Chelsea, might be taken. This charge was a corollary of the preceding one. Accused alleged that he was unwarrantably dragged from his own doorstep because he had remonstrated with the police as to their violent treatment of the prisoner Baring. Mr. D'Eyncourt said there appeared to be something he did not comprehend at present. He would remand both Baring and Stonham.

