SHOT FIRING IN MINES.

An important case came on at the Gateshead County Police-court on Saturday, proceedings having been taken by the Home Office against the manager of the Usworth Colliery, for illegal shot-firing on March 2nd, the day on which the disastrous explosion, by which forty-two lives were lost, occurred at that colliery. The summons was issued against Mr. A. S. Palmer, who was present, as agent of the colliery. Mr. Arnold Morley, M.P., prosecuted on behalf the Crown, and Mr. R. F. Cooper, Newcastle, appeared for the owners. Mr. Morley said the prosecution was taken under 35 and 36 Vic., chap. 76, of the Mines Regulation Act. With regard to the use of gunpowder, it was provided that it should only be used in cartridges, and not within three months after any inflammable gas had been found in the mine. The prosecution relied in this case on the fact that inflammable gas had been found in the mine within three months of the firing of the shot, and the question was whether the regulation had been complied with, it being requisite under the Act for some competent person duly appointed for that purpose to examine the place where the shot was to be fired immediately before the firing, and not to allow it to be discharged except it was safe to do so. It was also provided that persons ordinarily employed in the mine were to be out of it or that part of it where the explosive was to be used. Mr. Cooper said he did not dispute that gas had been found, but it was not found within the conditions of the Act. He was prepared to prove that it was due to a temporary stoppage in the ordinary ventilation appliances, and was removed when the ventilation was put right. After evidence had been given on both sides, it was agreed between Mr. Morley and Mr. Cooper that the question at issue was really a legal one as to the meaning of the Act with regard to the conditions under which shot-firing should not take place. The Court was, therefore, asked not to give its decision, but to adjourn the case until the legal question had been referred to a superior court. The case was adjourned accordingly.

