THE ILLUSTRATED POLICE NEWS

SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1889.

WHAT amounts practically to a verdict of manslaughter has been returned by the coroner's jury against the six officials charged in connexion with the railway disaster at Armagh. These persons having been committed for trial, there is, of course, nothing to be said as to the propriety of the verdict or the probable result of the proceedings in the higher court. It may, however, be safely anticipated that whatever the decision of the judge of assize may be, it will provide no security against the repetition of a like catastrophe under similar conditions. The only guarantee is to be found in the adoption of the recommendation appended by way of "rider" to the verdict. It is the unanimous opinion of the jury that the general use of an automatic brake in all passenger trains is essential for the safety of the passengers, and that therefore the Government ought as soon as possible to introduce a bill compelling all railway companies to adopt this form of brake. This conclusion was based upon the evidence given at the inquest, and there can hardly be a doubt that it will be confirmed by the report of the Government inspector, whose finding, as Sir Michael Hicks-Beach announced in reply to Mr. Channing, will determine the legislative action of the Government. The witnesses examined at the inquest, including some of the officials now awaiting their trial, were agreed that if the ill-fated train had been fitted with the improved mechanism the tragedy might, or rather would, have been prevented. There could not well be a clearer or a more imperative case for the intervention of the Government. A bill of one clause simply extending the powers of the Board of Trade in the manner suggested would ensure the requisite safeguard to the railway public, and if the business of the House of Commons continues to make progress at the present rate such a measure might be brought in and passed without even disjointing the programme of the Session.

