DISORDERLY CONDUCT.

At the Lambeth Police-court, on Monday, William Clark, twenty-two, shoeblack, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Newington Butts, and also with assaulting three constables by kicking and striking them. On Saturday night Police-constable 108 P was called to a disturbance in Newington Butts and found the prisoner acting in a most violent manner in the midst of a crowd. He (witness) tried to get him away, but he refused, attacked and struck him, and knocked him down and kicked him. Police-constable 481 P then came up to the aid of his brother officer, when the prisoner seized hold of him, and in order to make him release his hold the constable was obliged to strike him with his staff. Police-constable 342 P, upon arriving, was also struck and kicked by the prisoner, and it required four or five constables to get him to the station. The prisoner now in defence said he had taken too much drink. Mr. Biron said such an excuse would not suit him for the savage conduct of the prisoner, who would be sentenced to six months' hard labour.—Charles Jones, twenty, carman, living in Pleasant-row, Walworth, was next charged with being drunk and disorderly in the Old Kent-road, and assaulting police-constables. Mr. Biron was informed by Inspector Flanagan, who was on duty in court, that Police-constable 391 M was so seriously injured by the kicks of the prisoner that he was confined to his bed, and the divisional surgeon had been called to see him three times on Sunday. The prisoner was remanded for a week to see how Constable 391 M progressed. Bail was refused.—George James Husted, twenty-two, carriage builder, was charged with assaulting Sergeant 3 L and Constable 216 L. The prisoner was making a disturbance in the Canterbury Music Hall on Saturday night, and as he refused to be quiet it was found necessary to eject him. The prisoner was extremely violent and struck both officers, though not very severely. The prisoner, who now expressed regret for his conduct, was ordered to pay a fine of 40s., or in default one month's hard labour.

