```
ATTACK ON CONSTABLES AT
WIDNES.
[SUBJECT OF ILLUSTRATION.]
At the Widnes Police-court Peter O'Loughlin, son of
a publican in Railway-street, Widnes, was charged with
being drunk and disorderly in Anne-street East on
Saturday night; also with assaulting Police-constable
John Gamble, and with damaging his uniform to the
extent of 2s. 6d. Ann O'Loughlin, a girl about twenty
years of age, was charged with assaulting and resisting
Police-constable Gamble at the same time and place.
Mr. Knowles, solicitor, Widnes, defended both pri-
soners. It appeared from the evidence of Police-con-
stables Gamble and Middleton, the former of whom
had his head enveloped in a surgical bandage, that on
Saturday night the male prisoner was drunk and dis-
orderly in Anne-street, and the constables went to him
and told him to go away. He refused, and was then
told that if he did not go he would be locked up. He
replied that no "bobby" in Widnes could take him.
He was taken into custody, and while Gamble
was endeavouring to put the handcuffs on him, the
prisoner beat and kicked him, and tore his
trousers. At this juncture the female prisoner
came forward and said to her brother, "No,
Peter, don't go with them; don't go with them."
After they had proceeded a short distance Gamble
received a severe blow on the back of the head, cutting
it open, and causing him to lose a great quantity of
blood. While the constables were struggling with the
male prisoner Police-constable Middleton said he saw
the female prisoner throw the stone which struck
Gamble. She threw several stones besides that one.
Mary Dearden gave corroborative evidence. For the
defence James Mathews, a boy; Miles Sweeney,
Thomas Bain, Ann Connolly, and Catherine Riley were
called, each of whom swore that all the stones were
thrown from the far side of the crowd, and not by the
female prisoner at all. Mr. Knowles made a pathetic
appeal to the bench on behalf of the girl, who, he said,
was going to America in the course of a few days, and
she was discharged. Her brother was fined 10s. and
costs (6s. 6d.), or fourteen days' imprisonment, for
being drunk; 20s. and costs (9s. 6d.), or one month's
hard labour, for the assault upon the constable; and 10s.
and costs (4s. 6d.) and the damage, 2s. 6d., for injuring
the constable's trousers, or fourteen days' imprisonment
—making two months in all. Mr. Knowles asked the
bench to give the prisoner a short time to pay the
total amount in, but this was peremptorily refused.
```

