ATTEMPTED MURDER AT STAMFORD HILL.
On Saturday night an extraordinary and apparently deliberate attempt to murder a woman, the wife of a house and estate agent named Tomlinson, of 7, Champion-terrace, Stamford Hill, took place in the public thoroughfare, about one hundred yards distance from her residence. She left home at twenty minutes past nine for the purpose of making a few purchases, and was almost immediately accosted by a man from behind. She turned round at once, and found that it was her sister's husband, William Esworthy. He walked by her side for a second or two, and then suddenly fired a pistol at the back of her head. She screamed, "Murder; I am shot!" and fell to the ground insensible. A girl living on the spot ran into the road and recognised Mrs. Tomlinson as she lay bleeding on the pavement. Being Saturday night there were many people about. A crowd soon collected, the woman in the mean time having been carried to her own house, Dr. Duncan, of Amherst Park, was sent for. He soon arrived, and found her suffering from a bullet wound at the back of the ear, but the bullet had not penetrated the skull, having bounded off after striking the bone. Search was subsequently made for the bullet, but it could not be found. After the woman fell Esworthy hurried to the opposite side of the street, and threw something over a fence. He had been seen to fire the pistol by some passers by, and was seized by several men, who took him towards the Stoke Newington Police-station. They were met, however, by Sergeant Collins, of the N Division, to whom they reported the circumstances of the case, and gave the man into his custody. Collins, accompanied by a great many persons, conveyed Esworthy to the Tottenham Police-station. There he was charged with "shooting and wounding with intent to murder one Harriet Tomlinson, at the High-road, Stamford Hill, in the parish of Tottenham." He gave the name of William Esworthy, aged twenty-eight, address 29, South-street, Manchester-square; business, commission agent. On the charge being read over to him he replied, "She did this herself, and I took the revolver from her, and threw it over a fence on the opposite side of the road." On being searched a few coins and a cleaning-rod of a pistol was found upon him, but no ammunition. The prisoner having been locked up, Inspector Ashwell and Sergeant Collins proceeded to the spot indicated by him to search for the revolver; but, after a close inspection for an hour or so, they had not succeeded in finding it. The search then discontinued; it was resumed on Sunday morning at daylight by Sergeant Collins, and at a quarter-past five o'clock he discovered the revolver in a builder's yard, almost opposite where the crime was committed. It is a weapon with seven chambers, six of which were loaded when it was picked up. It was, therefore, fully charged when the attack was made upon Mrs. Tomlinson.

In investigating the matter on Sunday the police ascertained that the prisoner spent nearly the whole of Saturday afternoon and evening watching the playing of cricket on some vacant land at the rear of Champion-terrace. After the match was over he went to pass Tomlinson's place of business and go to a public-house, where he had some whisky. He then repassed the shop, and evidently waited about in the expectation that Mrs. Tomlinson would come out, as she eventually did, to make Saturday night's purchases. As to the motive for the outrage, it is stated that there had been serious disagreements between the prisoner and his wife, and that Mrs. Tomlinson had supported her sister's cause, and invited her to come to Stamford Hill and stay there on several occasions, which she had done. Mrs. Tomlinson, is the mother of two children, and is much respected by her neighbours, who express great sympathy towards her in her suffering, and make anxious inquiries as to her condition. It is clear that she had a miraculous escape from death. As it is she is badly wounded, and her system has received a very severe shock, but there is scarcely any fear of her ultimate recovery. On Sunday evening the symptoms were highly favourable to that view. As may be imagined, the affair, happening in a crowded thoroughfare at a busy time on Saturday night, created intense excitement. Prisoner will be taken before the magistrates at Edmonton in a day or two.

