THE POISONING CASE IN FRANCE.

The trial of Pel on the double charge of poisoning his first wife—his second is still living—and a servant who was also his mistress, has resulted in a verdict of guilty against the prisoner on the second count, although the jury were unable to make up their minds to convict him on the first, notwithstanding the declared presence of arsenic in the exhumed remains of his wife. Although these were the only two charges preferred against Pel, he is also suspected of having poisoned his mother as long ago as 1872, and of having attempted the lives, in a similar manner, of an old woman named Maria Mahoin and a girl named Eugenie Meyer, both of whom were at different times in Pel's service. The girl Meyer, indeed, who frequently suffered from severe vomiting while she was in Pel's service, has never been seen since Pel announced that she had left him, and it was asserted by the Public Prosecutor during the trial that Pel had poisoned her and disposed of the body, as he is believed to have disposed of that of Elise Boehmer, his servant and mistress, whose case, therefore, is almost parallel with that of Eugenie Meyer. It must be said that Pel's explanation as to what had become of the missing women, and the cause of death of his mother and first wife, were somewhat lame, and although the evidence against him was almost entirely circumstantial, it is scarcely surprising that a verdict of guilty was entered. There has, however, already been much comment on the fact that the prisoner was practically acquitted of the charge against his wife, whose remains were found to contain poison, and convicted of a charge of which absolutely no trace exists, save some cinders from the stove in which the victim's body is supposed to have been burnt, and which are assumed to be all that remains of her incinerated corpse. M. Henri Rochefort, in the Intransigeant, says that the verdict against Pel is the first instance of a man being found guilty of murder for poison when neither the poison nor the victim's body has been found. La France calls attention to the fact that the jury gave a negative answer in the case of Pel's first wife, in whose remains distinct traces of arsenic were discovered, and an affirmative answer in the indictment against the prisoner for the murder of Elise Boehmer, although in the latter case the accusation was only supported by medical conjecture. La France also calls attention to the lamentable defence that was made on the prisoner's behalf. The Figaro thanks the jury for having resolutely saved society from the possible repetition of similar crimes by bringing in a verdict of guilty. Pel had been removed to the condemned cell at La Roquette prison. Since his conviction Pel has displayed more emotion, and continues to earnestly declare his innocence. Pel has been sentenced to death.

