Sure, here is the raw text from the newspaper clip:

```
DOUBLE MURDER BY A MOTHER AT
RUSHOLME.
[SUBJECT OF ILLUSTRATION.]
ABOUT noon on Friday information was received at
the Rusholme Police-station that a woman had mur-
dered her two children, aged three and five respectively,
and then attempted to commit suicide by drowning.
Upon the information being received Inspector Smith
went at once with the person who gave the information
to No. 54, Moss-side. On making a detailed examina-
tion of the premises he found the two children lying
on a bed in one of the bedrooms naked and quite dead,
apparently from drowning. Upon the body of one of
the children there was a piece of paper containing
some almost illegible writing. What portions of it
that could be made out ran as follows:—"Dear Papa,
—I could not stand it any longer I have to you,
I do not think they are dead, for they will
never meet in heaven. I could not help it."
The unfortunate woman is the wife of Thomas Hibbert,
joiner and builder. About twelve months ago Mrs.
Hibbert gave birth to a child. She fell ill, and finally
became insane. She was removed to the Parkfield
Asylum, near Macclesfield, of which institution she
was an inmate till the 3rd of this month. On that
day her husband took her home, although warned that
she was not perfectly sane, and that a strict watch
would have to be kept over her actions. He proposed
to hire a nurse, but Mrs. Hibbert appeared to be very
much upset at such a notion being entertained that
the idea was abandoned. On Friday morning he left
for work as usual, leaving instructions for the servant
to look after his wife. Shortly after his departure
Mrs. Hibbert called the children upstairs to her, and
was upstairs for about half an hour. She came down
looking very ill. The servant became alarmed, and
called in a neighbour, who went upstairs and heard a
splashing in the bath. They proceeded thither, and
found Mrs. Hibbert in the bath. She told them she
had taken the two children upstairs, but she did not
think they were dead. She also told them she had
been trying to drown herself. They at once went and
gave information to the police.
LATER DETAILS.
Upon further inquiries being made, the following
details were ascertained. About a year ago Mrs.
Hibbert was confined of a child. The week following
she fell ill, ultimately becoming insane, necessitating
her removal to the Parkfield Asylum, Macclesfield.
She was detained in that institution until Wednesday,
when she was taken out by her husband. He was told
she was not perfectly convalescent. He stated his
intention of providing a nurse for her, but that seemed
to excite Mrs. Hibbert to such an extent that the idea
was reluctantly abandoned. Mrs. Hibbert rose about
half-past seven on Friday morning and had breakfast
with her husband. She then appeared to be in her
usual health, bodily and mentally. Mr. Hibbert left
the house about eight o'clock in order to proceed to
his work, but called at a neighbour's house and asked
his servant to keep an eye upon her mistress's move-
ments. About ten o'clock Mrs. Hibbert told the
servant she felt very unwell. On the servant's
return with the soda water, she asked her mistress what
had become of the children. Mrs. Hibbert replied that
they had gone to the corner shop. The servant went
to inquire if they were there, but was told they had
never been there. Becoming alarmed, she procured a
neighbour named Mrs. Deedle to go back to the house
with her, as she suspected something was the matter.
On reaching the house they heard a splashing in the
bathroom. They proceeded thither, and found Mrs.
Hibbert in the bath. They asked her where the chil-
dren were, and Mrs. Hibbert replied, "I have drowned
them. I don't think they are dead, as they are quite
warm." She took them into the bedroom where the
children were found lying quite naked on the bed, and
although the bodies were warm they were perfectly
dead. Mrs. Hibbert told them she had been
trying to drown herself in the bath for the last half
hour. On receipt of this information Inspector Smith
proceeded to the house, and found the children lying
dead on the bed. A piece of paper containing a few almost
illegible sentences was laid on the body of the eldest
child.
```

