he hear the cry of the captive, and their
y-eyes forced open that they should dis-
ad cern some portion of their own guilty
s, complicity with the oppressor. Eccle-
F-siastical bodies and political parties
ed have been compelled to assume a virtue
as if they had it not. Slight quakings on
or the surface tell of more tumultuons
n-heavings in the depths below. Con-
as gress has been converted into an arena
to of Anti-Slavery,discussion. The silence
i- of death which once brooded over the
an nation has been broken. The champ-
-ions of Slavery are forced into the
s-lists. They can no longer wrap them-
ed selves in the dignity of a contemptu-
it. ous silence. The gauntlet is thrown
of down, and they must either take it up down, and they must either take it up
or cry craven. The insolent common-
places of pro-slavery with which the
Northern ear was insulted a few years DEAR FRIENDS,-We have just re-
turned, after three weeks' sujourn in
Paris, wihther we were deputed to go
by the London Committee, in order to
make the needful preliminary inquiries
and preparations for the Peace Con-
gress, intended to be held in that city
in the month of August. We were
met there by an earnest and zealous
fellow-laborer, M. Visschers, President
of the last Congress at Brussels, who
came as the representative of the Bel-
gian Committee, and who rendered us
the most valuable aid in our mission,
as did your estimable countryman Mr.
George Sumner. We were welcomed
on our arrival with the most earnest
cordiality by M. Bouvet, who procured
for us an immediate introduction to
M. Lamartine. We felt, from the
first moment, when it was proposed to
hold the Congress at Paris, that in no
way could our object be so effectually
subserved, as by enlisting the sympa-
thies and gaining the countenance and ago, are now almost unheard. The
people have been made comparatively
intelligent of the nature and effects of changing the dynasty that reigns over
the land. The result, to be sure,
which substituted a Tyrant for a Sy-
chophant on the throne was none of
our seeking; but the fact shows that
the effects of long Anti-Slavery labors always known as an ardent friend of shakes
Peace,, and lately raised to an eleva- good e
tion so conspicuous and honorable in
Jeffers
the presence of all Europe. M. de
Lamartine received us with great kind-
ness and courtesy, and when our pro-
jeet was explained to him, assured us,
in the most emphatic language, of his
deep interest in our cause, and of his
willingness to aid us to the utmost of Mexico.
POPU
Accordi
sioner of
ted Sta
being a
This do promises to be, more than any other
of modern times, a full representation
of the progressive intelligence, philan-
thropy, and moral power of the civilized
world.
We are, dear friends, yours truly,
HENRY RICHARD,
ELIHU BURRITT,
of the London Peace
Secretaries
Congress Committee. THE ART OF HEALTH.-Walking is
the best possible exercise. Habituate
yourself to walk very far. The Euro-
peans value themselves on having sub-
dued the horse to the use of man; but
I doubt whether we have not lost more
than we have gained by this animál
for no one thing has caused such de-
generacy of the human body. An In-
dian goes on foot nearly as far in a day
as an enfeebled white does on his horse,
and will tire the best horses. A little
walk of half an hour in the morning,
when you first rise, is advisable. It
shakes off sleep, and produces other
good effects in the animal economy.-
Jefferson's Memoirs. POPULATION OF THE UNITED STATES.-
According to the estimates of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, the population of the Uni-
ted States now numbers 21,989,000 soule,
being an increase of 4,622,647 since 1840.
This does not include California and New We have make the cauldron seethe,
and it matters little what scum is first SLAVE HOLDING CHRISTIANS.
Oh, that the church would be faith-
ful to her head! that her ministers
would remember that he complains es-
pecially of the wounds wherewith he
was wounded in the house of his friends.
Oh, that they would hear what he saith
to the churches, who walks in the
midst of the seven golden candlesticks!
If I did not misread my Bible, the
church is the commissi
ra- ra- a- desirous of making money; or of gain-
ed ing office, or of living comfortably with
It their neighbors and the world had bet-
ri- ter direct their attention elsewhere.
se. Our clients are the downtrodden and Is, spoiled of the race, and silver and
p, gold have they none to reward our ald must make up his mind before he en-
u- gages in their cause, to take his place es-
u-gages in their cause, to take his place
he by their side, and be little more
n- teemed of men than they.
Social Social
n- teemed of men than they.
vil consideration is no part of the induce- vil consideration is no part of the induce-
ge ment to enlist in the Anti-Slavery war- ge ment to enlist in the Anti-Slavery war-
ry fare; it is part of the contribution each
nd is called upon to make in its support. nd is called upon to make in its support.
off The rewards and satisfactions which These are to be wait upon Anti-Slavery fidelity, are of
another nature. These are to be
found in the clearness of vision which
discerns a great national crime in its
true nature, and in the strength which
enables them to cry aloud and spare
not, against it. In the consciousness
that they have attained to the know-
ledge of the true way of deliverance
for their People from the wrath which
it has been treasuring up against the
day of wrath. The consciousness that
they have not withheld this knowledge
from the ears of the people, but that
they have been instant in season and
out of season in relating it in their
ears whether they would bear or whe-
ther they would torbear. The consci-
ousness of the perception and the per-
formance of a difficult duty, and the
sense that the portion of contemporary
history, which they are busy in de-
veloping is the only one in this country,
of a permanent and abiding interest,
-whose issues are issues of life or
death, and which will extend to the
remotest ages of the world. tor of the world. If, then, the church
be corrupt, whence are to issue the
healing waters? If the salt of the earth
I have lost its savor, how is the putrid
world to be recovered from its taint?
If justice and mercy are exiled from
the Church, what can I expect but that
they are
"Sprung on the viewless wings to heaven again?"
Alas! what report must he bear back
of Christianity, who has been sent to
learn her genius and the influence from
a slave-holding church?
My fancy
hears him, on his return, questioned by
his brother idolaters, "What are Chris-
tians?" "Monsters! They hold that
their creed came from heaven, and is
the word of salvation, and they hold it
a capital crime to teach this creed to a
man, woman, or child who has a dark
face. They buy and sell men, women,
and children, and offer the profits on
the altar of their God! They sell their
own wives, sons, and daughters, and
to those whom they know will work and
flog them to death; and this they do
without the temptation of hunger or
poverty. Nay, farther, their ministers
of religion do all this daily, though I
heard them preaching from their creed,
'Be pitiful, be tender-hearted;' 'what-
soever ye would that men should
do unto you do ye even so to them;'
'be merciful as your Father in heaven is
merciful. "Can I wonder that the
yell arises, "These Christians are
monsters!" Let heathens henceforth
Inscribe in their divine book this addi-
tional cause of thanksgiving: "Heathens Have we presumed too much, dear
friends, on the energy of American
character, on the spirit and fervor of
American philanthropy, on the zeal
and devotion of American Christianity,
in giving such an assurance? We
earnestly hope not. Standing foremost,
as you do, among the nations of the
world, for hardy activity, for bold and
adventurous enterprize, shall it be said
that the cause of universal peace and
humanity is too feeble to inspire the
national genius? But we will appeal
to higher motives than national pride.
We call up before your mind the image
of bleeding humanity, of fettered civi-
lization, of outraged and insulted Chris-
tianity, standing on the shores of
Europe in supplicating attitude, and
with appealing voice entreating you to
come over. We beseech you, dear
friends, to hear and obey this appeal,
by sending forth a goodly company of
your most eminent citizens, who by
their wisdom and eloquence shall wor-
thily sustain the reputation of your
country in this great assembly, which We see in every direction the ck-
nowledged indications that we se se tional cause of thanksgiving: "Heathens
it are not monsters, like slave-holding
as Christians!"-Speech of Dr. Ritchie.
of nowledged indications that we
understood our business and do
h-well. The continual dropping
ve made some impression even on the fs TO THE 