ne a good char- was no doubt un-
out he got his
xamination; and
uld testify to his
ere again my
3, as if over-
collections and any
merican
portion of it be repri
Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
our subscribers we pay so farge a consideration, that
we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga-
zine. Therefore we repeat "subscribe early while
the price is low.
Remittances and communications should be always
addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
LEONARD SCOTT & Co.
70 Fulton street, New York. Mr. Harvey's
y. "It seemed
ncern; and we
WE ar I have arises
A - being on
ually considered
atory evidence
run the risk of
word of more
ich I was about
muttered in my
mployed an at- nothing as yet,
eg of you to be e looked to. I
agent, to pre-
case; and we
to get an ac-
will call on your fered by the un-
withdrew.
ued.) WM.
M. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad-
way. Also an extensive assortment of Cravats,
Stocke, Hosiery, Gloves, &c
Albany, Feb. 11, 1848. Free Labor Goods.
ANUFACTURED by the America
duce Association, and for sale at N MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur-
niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
&c. &c.
Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Teath-street; or to
James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
on hand.
jul-tf jul-tf T TH
THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
of Invalida, especially those suffering from
chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
Athol, Mass.
His house was opened for the reception of patient
last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili-
ties for a philosophic and thorough course in bydro
pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
purity has been pronounced " equal to water on a
distilled." The location is quite eligible, being but
a short distance from the V. & M. railroad. The
vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
healthful results for which they labor.
The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
B., wife of Dea. B., of Warwick, Mass., aged
about thirty-five years, was brought to me fast
August. Her case presented the following pheno-
mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un-
supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
ground. If being well supported, she made an
effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
other. She had been in this condition nearly a
year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
has continued her baths, with corresponding im
provement to her health. She now attends to her
domestic duties, and with the assistance of a smal
girl, does the work of her family.
Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
half a dozea towels marked, with old linen loi
bandages.
Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord.
ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
Those who are less particular in the selection of
roots, or are willing to oegopy them in commor
with others, will be charged less.
Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT. GEORGE HOYT. W JASHINGTON'S Daguerrian Gallery, 136,
Main Street, Kellogg's Buildings, Hartford
Connecticut. think without doubt recover. I am not in the habit
of prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
but when I see an article which promises so much
for the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
to recommend it, and I have no hesitatiin in say
ing that as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
with the real merit of your medicine, they will
close their eye against prejudice and lead you a
helping hand.
I subscribe myself yours, sincerely,
[Signed]
W. L. MONROE, M. D [Signed]
W. L. MONROE, M. D
To Dr. S. Hart, New York. THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
When thousands who are now trembling under
the hand of this dreadful disease, and fearing that
every attack may prove fatal, will find permanent
relief and be restored to new life, by using this
celebrated medicine.
OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
Have been received in testimony of the Beneficial
result produced by the use of Dr. Hart's Vegeta-
ble Extract.
Prepared by S. HART, M. D., New York.
Price, one package
$3.00 Price, one package -
Do four packages
$3.00
10 00 Do four packages
Do eight packages
10.00
20 00 Do eight packages
20 00
It is carefully packed up in boxes for trans-
portation, and send to any part of the United
States, Texas, Mexico, and West Indies.
THOMAS & MILS, 169 Main street, Cin
cinnati, Ohio, General Agents for the United
States, to whom all communications must be ad-
dressed Post Paid.
A. B & D. Sands Corner of Fulton and Willia. St.
New York.
H. D. Wade, Main & St. Pauls Rochester,
E. Hollidge, 217 Main street Buffalo,
H. & E. Gaylord, Agents for Cleveland Ohio,
Fay & Killbourne, Columbus,
J. G & G. H Hill, Detroit, Michigan.
Wm. Cunningham, Millwaukie Wis.
J. R Reed, and Co., Chicago Ill.
Doct. T. Mason, Dulinque Iowa.
H. Blacksley, and Co., St. Louis Mo.
And for Sale by most of the principal Druggins,
throughout the United States. A
Anti-Slavery Office,
No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
FULL assortment of anti-slavery publicati
is kept constantly on band.
Also a bands A
FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
is kept constantly on band. Also a handsom
variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
and Fancy Stationery.
All letters relating to the business of the office
to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
Fifth-street, Philadelphia.
jul-f THOMAS & MILLS, 169 Main street,
Sep. 22-ly
Cincinnati Ob Cincinnati Ohig use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
comes under his knowledge.
Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
Erie Co., Pa., states that for many years past he
has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he is now
happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart's
Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
his family, highly recommends it to all persons wh
are afflicted with Fit
M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Aveaue
and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
Mr. Chas, H. Boughton, a member of his family has
been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
many years, that he was, obliged to relinquish his
business. Having used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Ex-
tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
perfect health, and left this city for the State of
Ohio to resume his business.
Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churca,
Spotswood, New Jersey,' who has been afflicted
with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
that he has used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Extract, and
his health has been so much improved that he hopes
by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
Epileptic Fits.-For twenty-seven years and six
months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
medicine.
Read the following remarkable case of the son of
Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger-
many and France, consulting the most eminent
physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
with his son to this country in November last., with-
out receiving any Lenefit whatever, and was cured
by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.-I have speni
over three thousand dollars for me icine and medical
attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu-
rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
respect to his case; they examined him and prese, i-
bed accordingly. I remained there three months
without perceiving any change for the better, winch
cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock-
eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
was their opinion that my son's case was hopeless,
and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
and France, and returned home in the month of
November last, with my son as far from being cured
as when 1 left, I saw your advertisement in one of
the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart's
Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
sorry I did so, as by the use of Hart's Vegetable
Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
prospect now before him of life, health and useful-
ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 years 6
months of this time has been afflicted with this
most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
enjoying good health.
Now, sir, faith without works I don't believe
in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
thing, and as I here enclose you one hundred dolars,
I have no doubt but you will think this another and
quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
on the debt in advance. TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy
this truly wonderful medicine, read the following
letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Omo,
one of the most eminent physicians in that place:
Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1846.
Brother laborer in the cause of humanity-lear am enabled to announce to you the complete triump h
of your invaluable medicine in cases of Epilepsy. I
have prescribed it in four instances in this vicinity,
and it has been highly successful in all. Three o
the patients, I trust, have been radically cured.
The fourth one is rapidly improving, and will, I sion to see so
did not all at
he idea of Har-
e crime of which CLUBBING.
Four copies of any or all the above works will b
sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
scription for three-the fourth copy being gratis.
EARLY COPIES. 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
Black wood's Magazine secures to us early sheets of
that work, by which we shall be able to place the
entire number in the hands of subscribers before any perfectly inex-
observed, "and The poor woman bu
but afterwards recoverin
told me pretty nearly the
history and that of her h
Lawyers have occas
much duplicity, that I once give my assent to t
vey being innocent of the
he stood charged.
"There is something
plicable in the case," I 