WEDNES R BUZZARD'S
veland and His Party
. Benedict's Yacht,
the Oneida. aring
President Cleve
etary Thurber reached
p. m. ysterday. E. C. L STER CARMELITA
HAD A DISPENSATION. ite Her Vows of Poverty
Vicar-General Allowed
fer to Hold Property. stl
, accompan
hey left the special c
ied by a grizzled-loc ied by a grizzled-loo
ked down the dock c
mpany, at the end o god engineer, wall
the Adams Express Co
which Mr.
Benedict's 'as in the Interest of Her
Mary Sullivan, Who In-
herited Her Money. e Hil- The President appeare
health. He wore a blu e serge sack suit, ed to be in excellent on the trousers of which locked as if they had
not been creased since te y left the tailor's,
and had a baggy and
knees. A straw hat; of th
shii
y look about the
's season's style of th
ny y look about the knees. A straw hat
was on his head.
The President wo
frown, but did not
There were few
's season's style DE
re his usual
seem to be in ill
orbidding
umor.
persons at the station
and no dome
Te persons at the statio
and no demon at "We'll Fix
Other Signi- Test introduced on Behalf of R. W.
sy, the Contesting Nephew,
/as Favorable to the
Defence. rases. when he arrived, Iew
when he arrived, and no demonstration was
made.
President Cleveland went
A hx
aboard the Oneida, followed by Mr. Benedict and Sec-
retary Thurber. The latter looked unusual-
On boond The On board the party chatted
ly dapper. acht was preparing to get under
while the yhe President didn't ou Owner's
Shoulder She
onfidences, and the
Made Was Never
Thrown.
the President didn't do much of
The grizzled captain shook
ith him when he had got aboard,
way, but t
the talki.
hands W:
and said
President, I dreamed about you six
"Mr. last night" taken th taken th ows of poverty, could hold
property raised yesterday in the Sister
Carmelita il contest, before Surrogate Carmelita il contest, before Surrogate
nd it was proved that Sister
Fitzgerald,
ronted Fitzgerald, nd it was proved that Sister
Carmelita h 1 been granted a special dis-
pensation t.at she might hond the dis-
puted proper y in trust for her neice, Mary
Sullivan.
Richard White Hennessey, who is con-
testing the will called his witnesses yester-
day and endeavored to show that his aunt
was of unsound mind when she made her and sai President, I dreamed about you six
"Mr. last night."
times d you? was the reply.
"Di
overboard."
"Don't pull been for a green parrot of
ent, Wilhelm Rath would not,
w be confined in the Hudson
charged with a cowardly crime.
me
Af
der
hi
overboard."
s the Oneida was putting out the Presi-
at reached over and shook hands with
m again, and wished him good luck.
The newspaper reporters who, with the se, and early in life learned waved their hats as the white yacht pulled will. Most of the testimony.
loquaciousness.
y morning Rath was arrested"
however,
h an attempt to blow up t
he
of his next-door neighbor, Fre
k. He was immediately
ink
ar- ar-
k. He was immediately
before Justice Douglass, of Jersey
and a strong circumstantial ca
ase be- g made against him, he was held for
rful pro-
rial in $1,000 bail despite his tea
testations of innocence. As he has thus far
been unable to obtain the requi
red surety,
he is now confined in the Hudson County
the deserted
Tail, while Polly flies about
home crying out in shrill to nes: "Where's
Papa Rath? Who's seen good old Popsy
Rath?"
me very near be-
Polly's part in what ca
ing a tragedy was not revealed in the
court proceedings of Monday because the
witnesses against the accused were mostły
nervous women who told about one-thi: told about one-thi:
nervous women who
of what they really knew, but yesterday
they were calmer
nd remembered more.
According to these women there is only
one soft spot in the heart of Wilhelm
Rath, and that is reserved exclusively for
Polly, who has been the old man's constant
r nearly a dozen years. She
companion fo
always slept
his head, a
at night on the pillow beside
nd in the daytime, whether he Polly, who has
companion fo
been the old man's constant
r nearly a dozen years. She was at
up^ -
his head, and in the daytime, whether he
rk or at leisure, she was perched
once of his shoulders. They would
lk together by the hour, usually in Ger-
man, out as Polly is a skilled linguist,
she would frequently address the old man
in English.
COULDN'T KEEP A SECRET.
B.ath owns a house at No. 27 Stagg
street, Jersey City, next door to where
Frank Hilsenbeck, his wife and four smal
children reside. Rath formerly owned the
Hilsenbeck house, but it was seized for
non-payment of taxes some time since, and E PARROT out.
S
POLLY RATH, TH
County Jail, accu
Wilhelm Rath is now in the Hudsonth's parrot. The bir
up the Hilsenbeck house was revealed by Ra oose house, and, it is
tered. Mrs. Hilsenbeck watched from her g enefit of the defence.
The President doffed his hat in re-operated for the b brother-in-law of Sister he frequently told Polly that he had been
robbed of his property. It was owing to
Polly's unfortunate habit of repeating her
master's confidential communications that
Rath was first suspected of a crime com-
mitted last August. At that time his mitted last August. At that time his
threats against the Hilsenbecks were nu-
merous, and one Sunday morning, as Mrs.
Hilsen beck was cooking in the kitchen,
there came a loud explosion. The front there came a loud explosion.
The front
of the stove was blown across the room,
while a sheet of flame and smoke shot into
her face, burning her painfully. In a sub-
sequent search among the embers a smal
piece of burst gas pipe was found.
Rath was not suspected until several
days later, when Pofly, seated upon the
fence which separates the yards, was heard
to exclaim in German: "Never mind, Polly, sponse. and crossed over to the starboard
side, the little craft listing heavily under
his weight. mitted last August. At that time his
threats against the Hilsenbecks were nu-
merous, and one Sunday morning, as Mrs.
Hilsen beck was cooking in the kitchen,
there came a loud explosion. The front
of the stove was blown across the room,
while a sheet of flame and smoke shot into
her face, burning her painfully. In a sub-
sequent search among the embers a smal
piece of burst gas pipe was found.
Rath was not suspected until several
days later, when Polly, seated upon the
fence which separates the yards, was heard
to exclaim in German: "Never mind, Polly,
we'll blow 'em up next time!" A little
The yacht is bound for Buzzard's Bay, Mercy. She had, hee was eighteen years
where Mrs. Cleveland and the children of Charity when sh
already re.
Greenwich, Conn., June 30.-E. C. Bene-
dict's yacht Onelda arrived here at 5 c'clock
this evening, with President Cleveland
aboard, on his way to Gray Gables. The
party stayed at Mr. Benedict's new house
on the site of the old Indian Harbor Hotel,
over night. Cleveland was an interested
watcher of the special Indian Harbor races.
The trip will be resumed to-morrow.
RRADV
FOOLED
DEM we'll blow 'em up next time!" A little
later Polly softly muttered in English,
"We'll get 'em out of there dead or alive,
eh, Polly?" That set Mrs. Hilsenbeck
thinking, and she consulted an attorney,
who advised her to keep a strict watch. BRADY FOOLED DENNETT.
Didn't Testify Against Captain Martens as
the Parkhurst "Angel" Expected
He Would. WATCHED THE WORKSHOP.
About four weeks ago she noticed that
Rath was spending most of his time in his
workshop, which adjoins a goose house
owned by the Hilsenbecks, and through
two knot holes a view of the interior of the
shop can be obtained. One afternoon Polly
was heard to say: "Shall we fix them
Boon, Polly?" and this made Mrs. Hilsen-
beck vigilant. On May 22 she saw Rath
enter the workshop with Polly on his shoul-
der, and then she determined to secure
witnesses to what he was doing. Accord- Accord- On the charge of accepting a bribe of $15,
Captain Frederick W. Martelas, of the East
Thirty-fifth Street Police Station, was
placed on trial before Commissioner Roose-
velt, at Police Headquarters, yesterday
morning. The Parkhurst Society was in-
strumental in pushing t'he charge against
Martens, which dates back to 1891, when
he was a sergeant in the Tremont Station.
It is alleged that he designated Moses P.
Hamilton's store, at No. 1955 West Farms
road, in the Thirty-fourth Election District
of the Twenty-fourth Assembly District,
as a favorable polling place, for which he,
demanded $15. Lawyer Frank Moss acted ingly she sent for two young ladies who
live near by-the Misses Haller and Skin-
ner-and Michael Murphy. The four en-
tered the goose house and claim that they
saw Rath working upon a hollow tube of
wood. They further allege that they saw
him drive a number of nails into this tube,
pour a black powdered substance into it,
and then affix cotton in either end. Occa-
sionally, however, Polly would make some yer Frank Moss acted
as prosecuting attorney, while Friend &
House acted as counsel for Martens.
"Angel" Dennett, with his tan-colored bag
and yachting hat, was also on hand.
Ex-Policeman Michael W. Brady, who
was attached to, the Tremont Station at
the time of the alleged bribe taking, testi-
He
old, and had never left that order. the
stated that Sister Carmelita inherited be-
property, the value of which is now ten
tween $150,000 and $200,000, about ter
years ago, after she had become a Sis
of Charity.
ot
When asked if Sister Carmelita had nn tween $150,000 and $200,000, about ter
years ago, after she had become a Sis
of Charity.
ot becks," she would say, and then emphasize
this opinion of her neighbors by the un-
kind words "D-n robbers. After half an
hour of similar ruminations she stretched
her wings and flew to her master, who
was approaching, crying out: "This'll blow was approaching, crying out: "This'll blow
'em away, won't it, Polly?"
On Sunday morning last, as was told to taken the vow of poverty, Mr. Sulliva-
said she had done so, but had received per
mission from Vicar-General Quinn, the
spiritual adviser of the order, to hold the
property. On Sunday morning last, as was told to
the police that day, Mrs. Hilsenbeck, while
gathering fuel for her kitchen fire, found
a stick of wood, besmirched with mud,
among the clean and newly chopped kind-
on another occasion. Brady was a witness
for the prosecution, but he proved a sur-
prise to Lawyer Moss, and caused a little
tilt between counsel. for the prosecution, but he proved a sur- spiritual adviser of the order, to hold the
prise to Lawyer Moss, and caused a little
tilt between counsel.
"Were you ever asked the question, 'Did
you see any money paid?' by the Commis-
sioners of Accounts?" asked Mr. Moss.
A
"Yes."
"What
property.
Sister Melita strengthened the testimony
Carmelita was
by stating that Sister
granted the privilege of holding the prop-
erty for the benefit of her neice, Mary
Sullivan. lings in the woodpile. The police, when
they examined it, pronounced it to be a
bomb containing a sufficient quantity of "What was your answer?"
7
"I answered, by advice of my counsel, Dr. Geoffrey R. Rourke, of No. 144 West
Twelfth street, Sister Carmelita's medical
adviser, was called to the stand as the Sur-
rogate's witness, but it was decided that
many of the statements made to him in con-
fidence by Sister Carmelita should not be
brought out. He had been Sister Carmeli-
ta's medical adviser during December, 1894,
and after that time. hard with him.
All day yesterday Polly was flying here
and there about the Rath premises, crying
out vainly for "Papa Rath," and only va- hard with him.
All day yesterday Polly was flying here
and there about the Rath premises, crying
out vainly for "Papa Rath,' and only va-
rying her remarks with occasional refer-
that it might incriminate me."
proached him, he testified that if he would
When asked if "Angel" Dennett had ap-
do certain work for the society Dennett -n Hilsenbecks. had promised him he would get $500. "He
said that I had been made a scapegoat of
from A to Z, and that if I would testify OPENED THE GATES TOO SQON. | from A to Z, and that if I would testify
s. Whitman Walked in Front of an Ex-
press and Was Instantly Killed.
wark, N. J., June 30.-Mrs. Louisa
tman, fifty-five years old, was instantly
1 to-night by a west-bound Lehigh Val
a scapegoat of
against the Captain I would be well taken
care of," said Brady, "but I want to say
right here that I was in Hamilton's store
with Martens and that I saw no money
pass between the two, and I don't believe
any was paid him."
A
The hearing was adjourned to next Frl- press and Was Instantly Killed.
wark,
N. J., June 30.-Mrs. Louisa
tman, fifty-five years old, was instantly day. her home in Kel- Blind Women to Get Pensions.
Corporation Counsel Scott decided yester- elita, in her testimony, cleared up
out which there has been much
through the course of the trial.
sister coU ld property and d property and relief fund. Some of the women caine her
as minors, others married citizens, ar
though they had received the $37 for se
ral years, the question of natural-qti
'ame up this year. Mr. Scott 89 "Sis- irt when she met her death.
she reached the crossing an east-
freight was passing and the gates
wn. Before the freight had entire.
d the crossing it is said the gates
sed and the woman started across
as the last car had passed. The
in the opposite dire c-
vas com vas cop
gh
in the opposite dire.c-
Women TYY 1, 189 W RATH ...the protection of the
Sullivan." The case will be re The case will be re EN HANDSOM AND Richard Pr
Is th Phebe Du
Latter, JUSTICE Her Boarde:
Money,
Beco Richard F.
an office in t
terday lodge
on an order
tice Andre
Price's offer
of $800 and
book form v
Star Board
Widow." dred maxim
side of Ann stree.
Middagh and Furnan.
estimated at $6,000,000. NEW AND NEW AND
NOVEL
Founder Claims Any One Ga
God Through H avy Yard.
Brook-
will La Porte, Ind., June 30.-Th
tacle will be witnessed Saturda,
ication in Clinton County of a e
ed by one man and dedicated t
of which he is the founder and
ber. George Bradshaw, a wea
professes to be divinely inspir
a new doctrine, and declares:
commune with the overruling
that through him communica
can be had by others.
He is not known to have
verts to his doctrine, but he
will build up a large ch
'll spread over the wo
the bullding, whi
n estimated cost o
ving eight dist
s. and in
ich B ich The ram Katahdin is be
'n Navy Yard, where she
lyke about two weeks.
taThe ram has had no attent
ce she was built. The Ka
sintract for building her was
con: She was an experiment in
ney.tible attack. Several war s
resishdin was the first ship buil
Katas it was necessary, it was 1.
succesin hour. Naval constructor
knots ated space in the boat, for i
the limis. She was to be accepted
2,155 tonents.
Rear-Admiral Amm
requirenally undertook the job of bu
Work finary Whitney.
by Secretale her trial run about six montns ag
She maired rate of speed by about three-q
of the requ no recourse but to advise that sh
Herbert ha announced. By a special act of Co
Cleveland so Navy Department, accepted and
advice of the
he joined the North Atl uadron to
few d 