TEN PAGES.
ANCHORAGE DAILY TIMES, ANCHORAGE, ALASKA, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1916.
5
Russians and Greeks in Alaska:
We like to call your attention that this is the proper time
to think of your old folks in the old country for the Christmas
Holidays.
You will avoid delays by sending your money now, as the mails
abroad are not as regular as during the times of peace.
Send your money orders thru this bank now%; we guarantee
quick delivery.
We can also send your deposits with the Imperial Russian Sav-
ings Bank, (Gosudarstvennaja Sberegatelnaja Kassa) at Petrograd
also with the National Bank of Greece at Athens.
We transmit your money at the lowest possible exchange rates.
BANK OF ANCHORAGE
The Bank that Knows How
Territorial Depository
"The Bank of Service"
Deposits over $400,000
Foreign Gold and Currency Bought
Pacific Grocery Company
WHOLESALE
ALASKA KELP
Now is the time to buy your
winter supplies, for prices
will be higher when navi-
gation closes.
THE ONLY WHOLESALE HOUSE IN ALASKA.
TRY OUR HAMS AND BACONS
Fresh Smoked Every Day.
G. W. PALMER
KNIK, ALASKA
Distribute General Merchandise, Hardware, Boots and
Shoes, Lumber, Shingles, Gasoline, Kerosene,
Paints and Oil, Pumps, Pipe and Fit-
tings, Tents and Tarpaulins.
Sperry's Flour, Sold Under Absolute Guarantee
From the Company.
Recleaned Oats, $55.00 per ton.
Hay, $35.00 per ton.
Red and Grey Rosin Building Paper, $1.00.
D. G. Berry Sugar, $8.25 per sack, 100s.
Carnation Milk, $4.25 case.
Red Clover Butter, $40.00 Bbl, 110 lbs.
The "Lucy" Does It
KNIK, ALASKA
WRANGELL MINE
EDW. T. MCNALLY
FIELDS WILL
BE EXPLORED
of Alaska.
WM. MAITLAND
WILL HAVE ITS M'Nally&Maitland
OWN RAILROAD
(Juneau Empire)
Having successfully financed the
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.-Delving
into the appropriations of the last con-
gress it came to the notice of the big Bon Alaska Mining company, Jerry
news gathering organizations today Galvin, well-known northerner, will
that the agricultural appropriation leave for Fort Wrangell in a few days
bill carries $175,000 for the investiga- with a big crew of men to lay the
tion of the kelp situation on the Pa- grade for ten miles of mountain rail-
coast including kelp fields off the coast road, running from the mouth of Mill
creek, which empties into the sea ten
miles from Wrangell, to the Ground-
Railroad Gets Lion's Share.
hog basin. Galvin arrived from New
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.-Con- York last night, and is at the Frye
gress appropriated upwards of $10,- hotel, says the Seattle Times.
000,000 for expenditure in Alaska "We don't expect to ship any ore
during the current fiscal year. These this winter," he said, "but as soon as
appropriations were all the territory the snow leaves the ground next
got, however, as other legislation in- spring and the steel can be laid, we
tended for the benefit of the north will begin shipping 600 tons a day.
country failed.
This winter will be devoted to getting
The most conspicuous example of in the electrical plant, building flumes
the legislation that was defeated was and laying the grade for the railroad.
the amendment to the war revenue act It will be impossible to get the neces-
for the relief of the American hali- |sary steel before next April or May.
but fisheries' interests in the North "An abundance of ore already has
Pacific.
been blocked out, but further develop-
The government railroad in Alaska ment in the mine will be carried on
got most of the money that is to be this winter. A number of crosscuts
spent there. The appropriation for will be made and some tunnels driven.
the railroad totaled $8,247,620. At The ore bodies, carrying gold, lead,
that congress lopped $2,000,000 from silver and zinc, are large, and there is
the estimate submitted by Secretary ample tonnage for a long time. We
of the Interior Franklin K. Lane. The will employ about 50 men and
first appropriation in the session was about ten or 12 horses this winter.
of $2,000,000 in order that work might We are already building the necessary
be carried on during the winter. The wharf."
remainder was provided in the sundry
Galvin said the east appears to be
civil appropriation bill. Congress also prosperous.
provided $100,000 for continuing the
mineral surveys in the territory. Oth-
er appropriations are as follows:
use
RAG TIME Bowling Tournament
now on. Open to all comers. Ro-
Care of insane, $70,000; education barts' Billiard and Bowling Parlors.
of natives, $200,000; medical relief of Courtesy my motto.
natives, $50,000; reindeer service, $5,-
10-2-tf
000; protection of game $20,000 and for The N. E. Ohlesson bakery at 919
suppression of traffic in intoxicating 5th St. will open under new manage-
liquors $15,000.
ment as a first class home bakery.
Will cater to party, wedding or ban-
All kinds of panel doors, $2.50. quet trade. Light lunch served if de-
Glazed doors, $3.50, at Harry Cribb, sired.
Inc.
10-3-6t
10-6-tf
MRS. F. L. WALSH,
MRS. BERTHA BRITTON.
Jut received, a large assortment of
rugs, al sizes and kinds. Eckmann's. The Grey Car for Service. Rapid
10-7-tf. Transfer. Phone 60-R.
10-6tf
Lumber
COAL
GASOLINE
We carry a complete stock of common dimension. Fin-
ish that is CLEAR and properly kiln-dried.
Should you want something nice for panel work, we have
a stock of genuine wood veneer, beautifully grained
and especially selected for this purpose.
A. A. SHONBECK, Agt.,
Matanuska.
YARD and OFFICE,
Foot of G Street.
POLLEY BROS.
General Merchandise
Just Received-Our line of Winter Goods-
Knit Right Sweater Coats
Oregon City Mackinaws
Heavy All-Wool Whalebak Army Shirts
Wrights & Medlicott Underwear.
Knit Gloves and Mittens from 25c to $2.25.
HARDWARE, STAPLE and FANCY GROCERIES
