FREDERICK DOUGLASS' PAPER.
COMMUNICATIONS,
The press, too, is faithless in the performance
of its duty. It is truckling, cowardly, en-
thralled. Corrupt to the very core are the
men who wield this stupendous engine of
mental power. They make and unmake the | blood.
opinions of the masses ; they lead them at will
and astray. Great is the responsibility of
both pulpit and press, and I would to Heaven
I could add, nobly do they acquit themselves
of their obligations. Judging from the past,
as well might we look for rain out of the
clear blue sky, as reform from this quarter.
No moral and intelligent mind doubts public
opinion would have, long ago, swept slavery
from the face of our country had the pulpit
and press been loyal to duty-given circula-
tion to anti-slavery facts and principles, for
slavery is one of those lying moral monsters,
who cannot face the light of truth and live.
Moral cowardice, the stifling of conscientious
conviction, rejecting the plainest deductions
of reason, lest this or that one be offended,
lest we impair popularity, or dry up the
sources of our living, has entailed untold
misery on mankind. It is a most lamentable
and mortifying fact, that the moral power of
the church and press is too feeble to resist
worldly influences. The manifold evils which
torment society are owing to their inactivity
and indifference in the cause of reform .-
First and foremost on the shoulders of those
who profess to be called by the spirit of God
to minister at His altar, who have voluntarily
consecrated their lives to the preaching of His
cal termination like that of the priest of
Baal, a reformation may come by a peace-
ful triumph of truth and right and signalized
by more penitential tears than drops of
rescue of Lisle, except that reference was the
expression of an intention to obey the law, I
cannot imagine. And I am sorry to say, that
your letter leaves me and the public, wholly
in the dark, on that point.
TREASON IN PENNSYLVANIA.
THE PENNSYLVANIA RIOT -- WAS IT TREASON!
of their country and the lives of their coun
trymen. They have raised the red flag of R.
bellion, and struck down, not a foreign emia
sary, sent among us for purposes the most
infamous, but they bare struck down the
ministers of the law while in the discharge
of their honest. imperative. legal duties
Their hands are red with the blood of T ra
Bon-yes. TREASON, that most foul and
damnable of all civil crimes
But if those conspirators and traitors have
bean successful at Christiana and at Syra
cusa. let them not lay the " flattering unction
to the ir souls." that they will always meet
with ev en such a degree of temporary suc
cess. We say temporary-for these conspira
tors are no't yet done with-they have vet
to settle their fearful reckoning with the
outraged laws of their country.
LETTER FROM DR. JAMES N'CUNE ITH.
We refer our readers to the Charge of
Judge Kane, of Philadelphia, to the Grand
Jury, relating to the outbreak at Christiana.
From its tone and design, it is manifest to us
that its author is a lineal descendant of that
Cain who slew his brother Abel at a very
early period of the world-a change in the
orthography of the name being the only ap-
parent difference. In reading it, it must be
remembered, from the exordium to the pero-
ration, that Judge Kane . who delivered the
Charge, and the Grand Jury to whom it was
given, solemnly profess to 'hold these truths
to be SELF-EVIDENT-that all men are
created EQUAL ; that they are endowed BY
THEIR CREATOR with certain INALIEN-
ABLE RIGHTS : that, among these are life,
LIBERTY, and the pursuit of happiness."
Further-they proclaim that ' Resistance to
tyrants is obedience to God'-and in their
own case, would feel themselves justified in
taking the life of any person who should
attempt to reduce them to slavery,
Observe how, in pretending to give the
particulars of the Christiana affair, the Judge
artfully enumerates certain details, so as to
suppress the real facts in the case, and put
darknesss for light-the saddle on the wrong
horse :- It is said that a citizen of Maryland,
who had come into Pennsylvania to reclaim a
fugitive from labor, was forcibly obstructed
in the attempt by a body of armed men .-
assaulted, beaten and murdered '-&c. What
if the truth had been explicitly stated :
Would not this have been the substance of
the narration : . It is said that a man-stealer.
named Gorsuch, accompanied by his son and
sundry abettors, recently came into Pennsyl-
vania, and, lawlessly breaking into a private
dwelling, under cover of darkness, attempted.
by stealth and violence, (being armed with
pistols and other deadly weapons.) to seize
and make slaves of some of the occupants of
that dwelling ; that he was implored not to
persist in this nefarious design, but to leave
them unmolested ; that he was repeatedly
warned, that it would be a struggle of ' Lib-
erty or death,' and either he or they must
perish ; that, notwithstanding these touching
supplications and solemn warnings, he rush d
upon them to consummate his hellish purpose,
when, in the conflict of arms which ensued,
he was shot dead, and his son was dangerous-
ly wounded'-&c., &c.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TRIBUNE -The late
Slave Case at Christiana, in Lancaster Coun-
ty, attracts much attention and is the subject
of many comments in the public papers.
One class of writers assert that this case
involves Treason and Rebellion against the
United States Government ; another declares
that it is Murder in its most atrocious form
-while a larger class denounce the affray in
unmeasured terms, for the purpose of making
political capital out of the occurrence.
It is a lamentable state of things when we
see men who are intelligent, and good citizens
in their private relations, ready to cry out
against another class of their fellow-citizens
and denounce them as traitors, murderers
and felons, to gratify political ambition.
Innocent persons are accused, and public
opinion, Judges and Juries, are to be fore-
stalled to make judicial immolations for the
purpose of satisfying the demands of a pub-
lie frenzy.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8th, 1851.
Me EprroR :- "Beneath an October sun,"
I bez to make to you the following proposals.
the hope that the friends of Freedom in
With Hemispheres will help carry them out.
Ist hat Frederick Dou_ lass' Paper shall,
on and after the Ist of January, 1852 be,
If these doctors of the lower lair find an
alarming increase of infidelity in the land,
they may trace it to its legitimate source-
pro-slavery and lower law divinity.
They
may take to themselves the credit and re-
sponsibility of having represented chris-
tianity and its Author as unreliable, and as
unworthy of the reverence and trust of man-
kind as the pagan deities of ancient Greece
and Rome, and their lying oracles that were
full of mysteries, duplicity and deceit. They
may write and preach and frame plausible
arguments to prove that the bill gives au-
thority for the damnable iniquities of Amer-
ican slavery. They thereby win the ap-
plause of men-thieves and unprincipled poli-
ticians, and be rewarded by the honors and
emoluments of office as chaplains in Con-
gress, in the army and navy, and fat salaries
in the churches of commerce. But to the
view of honest and manly lovers of truth and
right, their labors amount to this: that
either the bible is false and not of divine
emanation, or that they are arrant knaves
hypocrites and impostors.
We need no
Doctors of Divinity to teach us the plain and
simple language of the Great Master of chris-
tianity on this subject, nor do we thank them
for their attempts to raise a fog and mistify
From all I can gather, this seems to be the
state of the case.
1. Matthews does not deny that the tenor
of my article is true.
He admits that when
asked, in two different forms, whether he
would risk his life in defense of a fellow-man.
arrested under the fugitive law, he answered
No! He admits also, that in the same con-
nection, he said to Lisle-" the wily Lisle"-
" The law requires me to take you." " I be-
lieve him " as well as yoi, gentlemen. He
confirms what has already been said and pub-
lished about him. The vorst slave-catcher's
commissioner says no more. Matthew's own
story, told in the very best manner, by two
very able and venerable divines, makes him
appear to be just what ny article stated .-
Now Lisle, the veriest liar on the face of the
earth, Matthew's own testimony as taken and
published by yourselves, shows the latter to
be a traitor to humanity
el That Two Thousand Dollars shall be
miel for that purpose by subscribers, in the
following classes.
Two hundred theentiers to jay, each $1 -- $200,00
3 -- 300.00
-- 500,00
10 -- 1000.00
We understand, from their whig organ
here, that these conspirators and treason
plotters, have sorve sympathizers and accom
plices here, in Western New York-we hear.
occasionally, ominoris givings out that if an
attempt is made to carry out the law of con
gress for the arrest of fugitives from service
that law and its ministers will be resisted
and foiled, by mob violence. We understand
that there is a probability that the strength
of the law and the loyalty of the Propislut
our own city, may soon have an occasion
be tested on this point
But we have no
fears of the results-we are a law abiding
people, and whether all of our laws squar
with the peculiar ideas of all our poor
not-the great mass will stand by the Suprem
aey of the Laws, at all events.
hazards. And while we believe
ample justice would be done to the claims ot
any fugitive who might be found in our
midst, and every opportunity offered and al
lowed for the assertion of all his legal rights
- yes, if after a just and impartial examina
tion and hearing. it shall be found necessary
for the ministers of the law to deliver i
up. he will be delivered up .- the law will
fairly, fully, and righteously carried out-
the threats of conspirators to the contrar
notwithstanding .- Roch. Advertiser, 7
day Oct. 9th, 1851.
One hundred
$2000.00
All ont this to hệ paid in by the 1st of De-
cember. 1951, and to be a gift to the semi-
This particular outery has had many
periodical spasms in its day. In earlier times
we read that a certain High Priest once asked
the multitude " Why, what harm hath he
done ? But they eried out more and more.
Crucify him ! Crucify him !" This same
feeling is now rampant in certain high quar-
ters in regard to the colored people, who de-
fended themselves and their firesides at
Christiana, against the lawless assaults and
attacks of an armed party of negro hunters
from the State of Maryland.
The price of the paper not to be raised
the ser 1552, but to be placed at a
mark the following year, say =2,50 or
Delete. that if exertions be
1
M
thesunler of advertise-
ment, thesis doscough to render any
Juinnecessary
2. That Matthews did say what is alleged
against him, is susceptille of such proof as
would be required by any fair tribunal to es-
tablish any fact.
G. B. Vashon, Esq., is the
only person whom I have seen, who did not
when present at the public meeting where
Matthews expressed his sentiments, hear him
say what is alleged against him. You are
very much mistaken in saying that the whole
crime of the affair consists in the misrepre-
sentation of Lisle, and the coloring given to
it in my editorial.
made to engage.
the sort is of Samuel R.
tor of the Semi
cessary, a separate fund be
We have seen, in the case of Prigg against
the Commonwealth, what judicial infatuation
will do, and how much crime it will tolerate
for political affect. That was a case where
two free-born children, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, were kidnapped in the night-time.
and taken from their father's house by an
armed mob surrounding it. The two children
were carried away into the State of Maryland
and sold into perpetual slavery. Yet we find
that a majority of the Judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States adjudged and
pronounced this act to be lawful.
frequent issue.
th for your paper, are
thickens and we
word, rests mainly the responsibility, and of by their elaborate nonsense about com-
them be assured the God of justice and of | plicated relations and inscrutable provi-
dences,-that slavery is God's ordinance for
his own glory, " is marvellous in our eyes !"
A distinguished D. D. in Ohio recently at-
tempted to justify slavery by the following
summary process. Whether it exhibited to an
enlightened audience more of a knave or a
pair of long ears, is best known to them-
selves, perhaps a little of both.
the slave will one day exact a strict account
of their stewardship. Few have an idea of
the immense influence of pulpit and press in
moulding the minds of the people, in shape-
ing the destinies of nations. The one appeals
to a principle universal in the human mind
-the sentiment of religion in every heart,
and too often makes it subservient to his own
base and selfish designs.
The other ad-
dresses itself to principles far more potent.
and equally general, to aggrandize a clique
or party. Between them the cause of re-
ligion, pure and undefiled, and the rights of
man, are lost sight of and trampled under
foot.
harder
We need
, and around
Rev. Noah Brooks, endorsed the character
and the abolitionism of Matthews, before a
number of witnesses.
He declared brother
Matthews to be a good abolitionist, and re-
commended him in that connection, to the af-
fectionate regard of the people.
He added :
" You don't know where I stand on this mat-
ter." To deny it now, is to contradict tes-
timony that can be gathered from the lips of
persons sufficiently respectable and veracious
to establish any fact in a court of justice.
It must la an organ of our
we must besetue its body guard it
ha stels our wives and little
womes which God has ordained
Just so with the present case.
We have
very strong fears that innocent persons are
to be judicially sacrificed on the trials of
these cases to appease political clamors. We
hope better things, but our hopes may be
disappointed.
ORIGIN OF PIN-MONEY. - Towards the close
of the fifteenth century, an epoch that mark
a transition style in the dress of ladies, pins
were looked upon with great favor as new
vears' gifts. They displaced the old wooden
skewer, which no effort of skill, no burnich
ing or embellishment, could convert into a
sightly appendage. Pins, in that simple to
of the world, were luxuries of high price, an !
the gift was frequently compounded for in
money-an allowance that become so neces
sary to the wants of ladies of quality. that
it resolved itself at least into a regular -
pend, very properly called " pin money " W.
still keep up the term, although. now that
pins are as cheap as dust, it means every
thing or anything except that which it or .-
nally implied .- Independent
Gut. but also, to cheer
n da struggle.
wheni to be quiet any longer. is to be
We must " up and at
Cor eld demonlar toe. the coloniza
nie, Las entrenched on near ground.
- mounted near guns : moreover,
" What is slaveholding ? It is claiming a
man's services in return for food, raiment,
religious instruction and kind treatment, and
no more."
The hour has
In a work of very high authority we read
that every man's house is his castle ; that
he is entitled to defend the same against all
unlawful intruders .- 3 Blackstone Com. P
223
Personally, Judge Kane professes to ' know
nothing of the facts, or the evidence relating
to them.' But did he not know the real
merits of the case, as pertaining to the right
of all men to liberty ? Could he not just as
easily have stated it as plausibly for the
assailed, as he has done for the brutal assail-
ant ? Does he deny that they who refused to
be enslaved by the Maryland slave-hunter
were justified in defending themselves to the
last extremity,-if the memories of Tell, and
Hampden, and Warren, deserve to be held
in honorable remembrance for resisting ty-
ranny unto blood ? Is it treasonable to re-
fuse to be yoked with the brute, and registered
as a chattel personal ? Are they traitors who
strike down the arm that would annihilate
all their rights ? Then, flourish treason for-
ever ! Then Washington, and Hancock, and
Ah ! doctor of dishonesty, the boys in your
streets read better divinity than that in old
spelling-books and almanacs. I would ask
this miserable spawn of pro-slavery divinity :
where is your authority for compelling your
brother man to wear his life out in your ser-
vice on such terms ? Show us the contract .-
How much did he agree to allow you for
your precious " religious instruction," and
what his stipulated wages ? and did he con-
sent that you own and use him as a horse,
and steal and sell his children for money to
clothe and educate your own children ? Thou
art a covetous and sordid robber and oppress-
or on thy own testimony, and worthy the
Before passing to another branch of this
subject, allow me to advert to a passage or two
which I cannot reconcile. In the third para-
graph of your letter, you say that Matthews
denies that he ever entertained any such views
as you attributed to him, or ever made any
such expression. In the fifth paragraph,
"Matthews says he was asked by the ' wily
Lisle ' if he would not sacrifice his life in res-
cuing a fugitive slave from his capturers, and
he said No! Lisle then asked if he, Lisle
were taken, if he would not saerfice h s life in
rescuing him. He said No : the law required
him to help take him." To reconcile the at
least apparent contradictions of these two
sentences, is beyond my humble power.
Should I dismiss all other evidence of
Matthew's guilt in this matter, than what your
letter furnishes, I should feel constrained to
draw a conclusion directly opposite to yours.
" That in civil society the laws come into
the assistance of the weaker party, and be-
sides that, they leave him this natural right
of killing the aggressor if he can : they also
protect and avenge him in case the might of
the assailant is too powerful. That the law
of England has so particular and tender a
regar i to the immunity of a man's house that
it styles it his castle and will never suffer it
to be violated with impunity. For this rea-
son no outward doors can be broken open to
execute any civil process.
The combined power of the press and
clergy could in twelve months rectify public
opinion, and banish slavery from our country.
O! that they would bring about a consum-
mation so devoutly wished ; that all men
would act from the kindlier, holier instincts,
instead of the selfish, carnal, beastly, devilish
propensities of their nature. What a happy
people, what a glorious nation would this
then be !
hout over the advent to their ranks of
Mo miền in colored skine, whom in-
Main prospective has led to desert
From issuing a monthly
ut Washington, they now pour out
Wedistilled venom and cant thro a weekly
Cravaus are we. if our organ do
on another barrel and fire two rounds
their one-all the while looking forward
thị the early day when we shall have a six
SENECA COUNTY " DEMOCRATIC LEAGUE
CONVENTION.
Now we are constantly told by the advo-
cates of the Fugitive Slave law, that is a civil
process which the Marshal or officer executes
_ I have learned with surprise and regret
that several of your subscribers have fallen
The friends of righteous civil government
Adams, were traitors, who deserve to be
when he arrests the accused, and that the of the county of Seneca, are invited to meet
whole proceeding is one in relation to pro-
perty, and therefore the Act of Congress on
this subject must not be treated as a criminal
statute, but must be regarded as not coming
within that clause or prohibition of the Con-
stitution wherein Congress are forbidden to
pass ex post facto laws. This construction of
the Fugitive Slave law we have no doubt is cor-
rect. Besides all this, the fourth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States pro-
vides in express terms
hanged ! Then falsehood is better than truth,
off, because you have changed your views of |scorn and contempt of all honest men.
and oppression better than freedom, and
Belial more deserving of homage than Christ !
Judge Kane affects as much impartiality
as did Judge Jeffreys, at the trial of Algernon
Sydney for treason. ' It is due,' he says, ' to
the great interests of public justice, no less
than to the parties implicated in a criminal
charge, that their cause shall be in no wise
and in no degree pre-judged.' So the infa-
mous Jeffreys, while thirsting for the blood
of the immortal Sydney, could say, ' We are
bound by our consciences and our oath to
see right done you ; and though we are judges
upon earth, we are accountable to the judge
of heaven and earth ( !! ) It is far from the
thoughts of the king, or from the thoughts or
desire of any of his judges here, to be instru-
mental to take away the life of any man that
by law his life ought not to be taken away ;
for I had rather many guilty men should es-
cape, than one innocent man suffer' !! His-
in Convention, at the Weslevan Chapel,
Seneca Falls, on Friday, Oct. 24th. 1851. al
2 o'clock. P. M., for the purpose of organi
zing the county, and nominating candidates
for the ensuing election, for county officer-
We invite all those who have lost confidence
in the honesty of the Whig and Democratic
parties to meet with us. All those who svin-
pathize with the enslaved and do un trodden
of our country :all those who are opposed to
the fugitive slave law, and other shive laws
all those who are in favor of free men all
free women, free land and free tradeall
those who are in favor of putting down the
traffic of intoxicating drinks by the force "!
law ; in short, all those who are in favor of
having the government of our country admin
istered strictly on the principle of richt, ale
cordially invited to meet and deliberate with
us in Convention. Come one, como all, malo
and female.
most desirable thing may be accom-
Hushed by this more frequent issue. We
all hear from you more frequently. W.
want more of you ; and want all your time
to be devoted to your columns. I perceive
Nou growing stronger, and believe that to be
in vou, which, it rightly got out. will mainly
mid us through, and guidle us past our present
peril- Asa living emlodiment of all the
philosophy of our side, we must hold you up
the Constitution. Such a course on their
part is, it seems to me, inconsistent with the
genuine principles of reform, which leave all
free to act according to the " light within."
To punish a man even negatively for his
opinions is preposterous and wrong, especially
if he has used his best endeavors to form an
honest judgment upon the subject. To re-
quire him to act contrary to his convictions,
would be to demand that he play the hyp-
oerite.
Alas for such Doctors of Divinity, and a
few other cotton divines and commercial di-
vinities farther North. "O my soul, unto
their assembly, mine honor, be not thou
united."
Yours, &c.,
R. S.
The conference and superintendent of the
Zion's Church, I mean not to treat ruth-
lessly. All I desired, was to arouse them to
a sense of their obligation to be watchful, as
to what sort of men they send out to preach
We should like to hear from R. S. often .-
Hle wields a sharp stick .- ED.
" That the right of the people to be secure
in their persons, houses, papers and effects
against unreasonable searches and seizures
shall not be violated, and no warrants shall
issue but upon probable cause, supported by
oath or affirmation, and particularly describ-
ing the place to be searched or things to be
seized.'
TO REV. SAMUEL E. CORNISH, AND REV.
RICHARD ROBINSON.
W. mnd thu to have more put on record.
thất tons from the Soul of noble Samuel
..... W. must tiếc lăm in a position
where he tan think, and write more for the
to our poor oppressed people. I desire that
they should denounce such conduct, when
they know it, and do all they can to prevent
a recurrence of it. What I said of them, was
hypothetical. I did not assume that they
would send out such men, knowing them to
I will try to send you some names in the
place of those who have withdrawn their
support from your valuable paper. I was
likewise sorry to hear your subscription is so
small in Rochester. That city should give
BELOVED BRETHREN : - Anything from the
pen of either of you, is entitled to, and shall
receive my profound respect. What you
write in behalf of the colored clergymen of
Testing the late homicide case at Christi-
ana by the rights guarantied to the people . by
the Constitution of the United States, we find
With such a tram, we are well pre-
DARIUS SKIDMORE.
you at least two thousand subscribers. Wake
up, ye men and women, ye advocates of the
slave in Rochester ! Come to the rescue of
your Frederick Douglass-sustain his paper,
though all others perish in the place !
I had almost said I have but one wish on
earth-a desire to live to witness the downfall
of African Slavery. My feelings on this sub-
ject are intense, my convictions of its enor-
mity cannot be expressed. In my own per-
son I know what it is to suffer, and can feel
for others. Nothing gives me such anguish
of soul, as the almost universal indifference
of my countrymen to the grievous wrongs of
the slave, and the tardiness with which they
go forth to his rescue. Say what we may,
the continuance of this evil among us is one
of those unerring tests that demonstrate the
low state of morals and religion in the land;
and but for the plenitude of Gods mercy, as
we most richly deserve it, this guilty nation
would have, long since, shared Sodom's fate
-been sent to annihilation.
ANew York City, mas, Il possible, additional
weight with me. All that shall flow from my
be such.
But I fear that the evidence you
furnish, of the innoceaus-of Mr. Matthews,
pen on the present occasion, shall savor of
the deference due to you, each and severally,
both on account of your. venerable years,
your high standing, and your christian integ-
rity, even if I were (as I am not) forgetful of
the obligations I owe you, for instructions
given me in my earlier days.
tory has pronounced him & blood-thirsty.
hypocritical vil ain. In what light it will
that the colored people were assailed, con-
trary to law, by a band of armed men, who
had no warrant describing the place to bo
searched, who had no authority to assail and
break open houses ; that a private dwelling-
house, in the peaceable occupation of its
owner, was broken into by an armed mob
without any authority whatever so to do, and
without a warrant describing any place to be
searched ; that the assailants first drew their
deadly weapons, fired their pistols upon the
inhabitants and inmates of the house where
the colored people were found, and after
creating a riot and affray on their part, the
claimant of the slave and his son were shot by
the inmates of the house in self-defense.
We ask any sober-minded man whether
this homicide is treason against the laws of
the United States ? Is it Murder ? Is it an
offense partaking of Felony? Certainly not
The whole aspect of this case, on the facts
made out by the story and conduct of the
assailants, presents a very different state of
things from that of Treason against the laws
of the United States, Murder or Felony
committed by the colored people who were
assailed while peaceably assembled in their
dwelling-houses, the advocates of the Slave
powers and of the Fugitive Slave laws to the
contrary notwithstanding,
JOSHUA MARTIN
JOSEPH PORTER,
JOHN LITTLE,
WILLIAM DAY
WM. LEWIS,
ORIS COLE.
JOEL BONKER,
WM. O. TAYLOR,
JOSEPH MEDCALF,
THOMAS JAMES.
B. F. CRIBDFORD.
CORNELIUS HOOD
SENECA FALLS, Oct. 3d. 1851
represent Judge Kane, time must determine.
The intelligence of Judge K. is to be im-
peached as much as his humanity. To pre-
dicate treason on an act which was purely
one of self-defense, is to confound all' legal
as well as moral distinctions. By the Consti-
tution treason against the United States
consists in ' levying war against them, or in
adhering to their enemies, giving them aid
and comfort.' To resist an officer is not levy-
ing war; to kill one who is approaching you
with deadly weapons, in a murderous spirit.
is not treason ; to oppose a particular enact-
ment is not to plot the overthrow of the gov-
ernment. By the Constitution of Maryland
-the very State from which Gorsuch came
on his mission of villany-it is expressly de-
clared that ' THE DOCTRINE OF NON-
RESISTANCE AGAINST ARBITRARY
POWER AND OPPRESSION IS ABSURD.
SLAVISHI, AND DESTRUCTIVE OF THE
GOOD AND HAPPINESS OF MANKIND.
Here is a full justification of the resistance
and of the non-endorsement of Mr. Brooks,
will be and is far from being satisfactory to a
discriminating public. But anything in my
article savoring of the least injustice, though
certainly not designed, shall be publicly with-
drawn.
tive canvasser, to solicit advertisements for
the Senti weekly issue, it would doubtless
pay And it you could secure a New York
corn spondent, who would furnish cách num-
teret your paper with something from here-
shouts, it would doubtless increase your cir-
culation in this City
Most grateful am I to you, gentlemen, for
the expressions of kindness towards me per-
sonally. I thank you, too, for your deep
concern in behalf of my paper. I hope to
merit your kind regards, by the maintenance
of a fearless exposition of the truth, and as
fearless a denunciation of wrong, when
committed by one of our own numbers,
as when committed by any other race.
It is your pleasure to address me a letter
concerning my strictures upon Rev. E. Mat-
thews, and Rev. N. Brooks. You will doubt-
less agree with me, that if what is alleged
concerning the gentlemen in question be true,
they deserve the same treatment at the
hands of editors, as any other men, of what-
ever professions, and of whatever color .-
You certainly cannot mean that the action at-
tributed to these gentlemen were any more
innocent, because of their being colored men,
and clergymen, than had they been white
men and laymen. I understand you as
reproving me, simply for hastily saying what
seemed to me, upon the testimony given me,
to be true, when in fact it was not true .-
No other issue, certainly, can be made than
this. The only question is, or can be, did
Matthews say what was attributed to him in
the Citizen ! What allusions are made to Mr.
Brooks, Bishop Rust, and the conference, or
incidental to, and dependent upon the point.
I am happy to know from your own state-
ment, gentlemen, that the spirit of my infor-
mation was correct. I mean, I am happy, not
to have been found a falsifier of Mr. Mat-
thews.
Not that I am happy to know that
Mr. Matthews did say as alleged. Your
W. had a -mall but nutid meeting in
Which church basement Last night, to raise
money to deand the Christiania Patriots, and
wtjours till next Wednesday whien old
Za will prak out on the matter. Rev.
... Fammiington, N.m. P. Powell the face-
ET Downing, with Rev. C. B.
NOTICE
Is hereby given that a meeting of the
Liberty Party will take place at the Ameri
ean in Lockport, on the 25th of Oct., at 11
o'clock, to make nominations and transast
all other business necessary.
JOHN JOHNSTON.
LEME EL PRATT
GUY M. SALSBURY,
CHARLES ALMONI
JOHN SYBRANT,
JOHN ALBERTY
JOHN POWLEY.
WM. H. CILDa
NEW FARE, Oct. 11, 1851
Nicht me down among the lower tens
JAMES MICENE SMITH
ETTER FROM JUN. G. PICKERING
STL 221. 1851
DUNG Suc :- I have
lust your narrative the third
Nur tul lias Furred up afresh-in
Lamay alsorenee of Slavery
Lotus have gone this morning to
l. a Gal of humanity, I
to me as an anomaly, if not solecism in lan-
guage. But since the late developments of
Northern servility and the acquiescence of
certain church dignitaries in the pro-sla-
very religion of the South, the phrase sounds
and appears natural and appropriate. The
churches of commerce of the North with their
Have you the patierce to read a sentence
now? I am sorry that Messrs. Matthews,
and Brooks did not confess their wrong and
repent of it, like men and christians. I do
not expect perfection of them, any more than
you expect it of me. But I do expect that
when men do as these gentlemen have done
that they will adopt the better way of repent-
ance.
Justification, in such circumstances, is
not the appropriate way of making amends
to a wronged, and betrayed cause. To throw
the entire "crime" upon the "wily Lisle,'
and the severe Ward, is not the proper method
of atoning for this abominable ideas finding
words from the lips of Matthews. My most
earnest hope is, that neither of the gentle-
men in question, will suffer themselves to be
suspected of any such fault hereafter.
made by the gallant blacks at Christiana.
The spirit by which they were actuated was
not one of hostility to the United States ; it
was neither disorderly nor vindictive ; it did
not seek a disturbance of the peace; it court-
ed no conflict with the government ; it desired
nothing but peace and concord ; it acted in
self-defense, for self-preservation. No can-
did mind doubts this ; even the blindest must
apprehend it. To arrest them, therefore, on
the charge of treason, to put them on trial as
traitors, is an insult to the common intelli-
gence of our race, and a procedure so damna-
ble as to call for the execrations of an
astonished world on all those who partici-
pate in it. 'Cain ! Cain ! where is thy
brother ?
Yours, till death, for the Slave.
JOS. G. PICKERING.
" OUR BRETHREN OF THE SOUTH."
FRIEND DOUGLASS :- The above phrase, in
religious sense, and in reference to slave-
holding church members, formerly appeared
I would by no means have it understood
that I gave any sanction to the late violence
in Lancaster County-I regret it as much as
any man, but it is no more than might be
expected from men who set a just estimate
on Liberty and who have no scruples in re
lation to War.
the tăngking and soul stirring ac
the dark and
the great southern char-
inteally. as I
tally ask my-
Stat, menit's true,
lunz, long azo.
"Doctors of Divinity" and other leading
officials, who oppose all attempts to reform
end of the
the churches by condemning and eradicating
slavery from their respective organizations,
statistics
have given to the world ample proofs of a
ut Harriet
settled determination to cling to their "South-
Manity
em brethren," and claim that slavery is not
sinful, and that slaveholding brethren are as
good christians as themselves. I have no
The
doubt of it. I believe them. Truly, the man
who approves and justifies man-stealing.
-wholly
with
robbery and oppression, is, at heart, no better
that bas no
than a thief, robber and oppressor. Hence
it is very proper that they speak of those
slave-mongers of every grade as " our South-
ern brethren," and good enough to preach in
Northern pulpits and sit with them in com-
tall it. under
munion at the sacramental board. Now I
like these out-spoken demonstrations. Let
Home practi-
them advertise the world of their settled
wal evils
position. Now, we know where to find them
and fix a proper estimate of their character
and labors as expositors of pro-slavery the-
ology and commercial religion.
ISAAC T. HOPPER
NEW YORK, 9th Mo. 29th, 1851.
THE MOBOCRACY-WHO ARE THEY ?
Every man's house is his castle, and he is
entitled to defend the same against all un-
lawful intruders .- Thus, 4 Blackstone Com.
Last winter, when the fillibustering aboli
tionist and British Spy, George Thompson,
left the dirty purlieus of the Tower Hamlets
and his Costermonger constituency, and came
over to his country to teach the natives phil-
anthrophy and the principles of liberty and
good Government, by assailing our institu-
tions, slandering our rulers, blackguarding
our clergy and our religious institutions.
and stirring up the depraved and fanatical to
a violent resistance to our laws, and treason-
ably plotting the overthrow of our civil insti-
tutions-when this wandering vagrant and
heartless demogogue was making his slimy
trail towards the city of Rochester and
through Western New York, we held him up
to the scorn and contempt of our country-
men, and cautioned the unwary to avoid him
as they would the pestilence. For doing this,
which was no more than any honest citizen.
who has the love his country at heart, and
who feels tenacious of its honor, is bound to
do, we were recklessly and bitterly assailed
by the abolition factionists and factious abo-
lition whig presses, and charged with the
design to raise a mob to put down the British
Emissary by brute force. Our readers may
recollect how awful these mock philanthro-
pists affected to be shocked at the idea of
using mob law to put down even a med-
dling foreign Emissary-these patent saints
were shocked at the idea that the law and
order of our quit city were to be disturbed.
for the purpose of driving out of our midst,
by force, a wretch who was plotting the sub
version of our Liberties, and stirring up the
ignorant and thoughtless to mutiny and re-
bellion
This has been a most painful business,
throughout. No man can feel it so, more
p. 223 :
statement makes Mr. Matthews to say he
would not risk his life in disobedience to the
fugitive slave law. That statement makes
him say also, that the law demands so and
so of him. And for aught that appears, Mr.
Matthews here expresses his willingness to
obey this abominable law. I have too much
reason to fear from your own statement, that
Mr. Lisle drew from Matthews nothing more
or less than his own sentiments.
than I do.
I have purposely refused the issue tended
me, as betwixt the veracity of Lisle and Mat-
thews I chose to discuss the matter on other
grounds, as I introduced it, originally, upon
other testimony than Lisle's.
' In civil society, the laws come in to the
assistance of the weaker party, and besides
that, they leave him his natural right of
killing the aggressor if he can; they also
protect and avenge him, in case the might
of the assailant is too powerful.
The law
of England has so particular and tender a
regard to the immunity of a man's house,
that it styles it his castle, and will never
suffer it to be violated with impunity. For
this reason, no outward doors can be broken
open to execute any civil process.'
I am gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
SAMUEL R. WARD.
But, gentlemen, very far is it from me to
publish a statement so grave, in language so
strong as mine, without some justly good au-
thority. I, therefore, inquired before I
wrote. I went to a public meeting, and asked
publicly, whether the statements made to me
were true. At that public meeting, were
Peter Hollenbeck, George Carter, James Ba-
ker, Thomas Leonard, Mr. Jackson, and sev-
eral others, whose names do not now occur to
me.
In the presence of some twenty per-
sons, I should judge, the statements which I
published, were given to me as correct, the
friends of Mr. Matthews denying not one syl-
lable of it. In private circles, the friends of
Mr. Matthews, among whom was Mr. Francis
Key, did not deny that Matthews said what
was attributed to him, but charged Lisle with
drawing him out, so as to make him commit
himself unhappily.
EMIGRATION OF FREE COLORED CITIZENS .-
A meeting of the Colored People of New
York city was held on Thursday evening, for
the purpose of hearing the report of a com-
mittee, appointed at a previous meeting, to
take into consideration the condition of the
free colored race in the United States, and
report a plan of amelioration. A report was
presented in favor of emigration.
There was
discussion which resulted in the adoption of
the following resolutions :
As no fugitive slave is arrested on a crimi-
nal but a civil process-not as a felon but a
chattel personal-it follows that the inmates
of the house so ruthlessly invaded by Gor-
such and his ruffian associates were legally
justified in making deadly resistance .- Lib-
erator.
LIBERTY FOR SLAVEHOLDERS .- Mr. John
Cornutt, a citizen of Grayson County, Va., a
Virginian and Slaveholder, had somehow
imbibed the " fanatical" notion, that it is
wrong to hold human beings as chattlels, to
deny them any education, to force them to
work all their lives for a rude subsistence, to
flog them when they are slow, to sell wives
away from husbands and children from
mothers, and to kill any who dare resist the
master's will. In short, Mr. Cornutt, though
surrounded from birth with all the blessings
of the " patriarchal institution," had become
such a " fanatic" that he could not perceive
them-a blindness which impels us to appre-
hend that he has not been a regular reader
of " The New York Express for the Union."
Resolved, That whereas we, the free color-
ed people of the city of New York and the
several States throughout the Union, have,
for a long series of years, suffered from un-
just and cruel prejudice from our white
brethren in this and the several States, aris-
ing from difference of complexion and the
degradation to which they have so wrong-
fully consigned us; and having every reason
to believe from the present treatment we
receive, that our condition in this country is
daily becoming more and more critical, our
presence more irksome and offensive to the
whites, we do, after due consideration, deem
it indispensably necessary to our future well
being, that some immediate and decisive
action on our part be suggested, and wisely
entered into. In consideration of the above
grievances, we do hereby
Resolve, That we form an association for
the propagation and encouragement of Afri-
can colonization, and that said association be
known as the United African Republic Emi-
gration Society, and the standard on which
we hoist our ensign is the tree of liberty,
and our motto-Equal, civil and religious
rights to every man.
un-
mercial politics. How prompt they have
been to re-echo the lower law doctrine of the
politicians that there is no higher authority
in political matters than the constitution, and
The Doctors of this spurious religion ap-
par to be no less true and faithful to com-
I cannot conclude, therefore, otherwise
that the ensetments of a pro-slavery Con- than that Matthews did say what was
gress, though revolting to the moral senti-
ment of earth and heaven, are paramount to
the mandates of JJehovah. Their sermons
and speeches have been published and sent
by thousands under the Frank of members
of Congress all over the South and read and
commended with high approbation by "our
brethren of the South." "The contest now
Our readers will also recollect how false
and groundless were these charges against
us of attempting to excite our people to any
overt act of violence-that we deprecated
all resort to illegal force or mob violence, and
warned the honest, well-meaning, yet impul-
sive spirits, who could scarcely restrain their
indignation, to beware and not place these
conspirators in the attitude of persecuted
martyrs, even to a bad cause. And these
better counsels prevailed-our staid, reputa-
ble citizens suffered these insane railers
against our country and our laws to rail on
unmolested, and to depart with naught save
the contempt of all honest men to stamp
their infamous conduct as it deserved. And
still we were assailed by these vindictive
saints, as having been guilty of the foul de
sign of stirring up the public to mob violence
The scenes have changed -- and those who
affected to be so shocked at the idea of mot
law, have now thrown off all disguise, and
revealed themselves in their true light as
mobecrata, and conspirators against the lawa
Whereupon, while he is quietly at work on
his farm, a mob surrounds him, and demands
that he shall "renounce his Abolition senti-
charged upon him, and that the especial
pleading made by himself, and for him, by
my fathers in the gospel, Samuel E. Cornish,
and Richard Robinson, leave him just where
my article left him. The " wily Lisle," is a
poor excuse for a man's declaring himself
ready and willing to help replunge his fellow
into slavery. But as said above, Matthews
confesses to you, gentlemen, that he acknowl-
edged the demands of the fugitive slave law
upon him. In what purpose, or with what in-
tent, he should refer to the demands of that
abominable law, in immediate connection
with his giving ' No !' as answer to the ques-
He cannot do it -- he might as well
ments."
renounce the sun's shining. So they pro-
ceed to strip him, tie him to a tree and whip
him until he is frightened and tortured into
asssenting to anything they exact, even to
his own exile from the State. " And the
Committee is off in pursuit of others."
Such is the liberty enjoyed by citizens and
slaveholders in democratie Virginia, which
cherishes so profound a horror of the Alien
and Sedition laws. We make a great ado
(unreasonably) about Italian despotism, but
wherein is it more atrocious than this ?- N.
Y. Tribune.
RECEIPTS
For FREDERICK DOUGLASS PAPER Je
to the 16th of October.
Geo. T. Downing
James S. Dawca
Samuel L. Talcot
Wm. Gibson
James Mckissoch
P. A. Rhodes
J. K. Richards
Green & Warren
Harvey Waterbury
Mrs. Nathaniel B. Spooner
Sarah D. Holmes
M. W. SkiIT
M. W. SKIT
Itev. Z. Smith
C. J. Hatch
1. Thompson
L. Root
S. S. Seeley
C. A. Willsey
Daniel Scarla
Daniel Searis
Dr. Sill
John Paul
Marcellus Palmer
Truman Hall
Robert Pike
Rev. Lyndon King
Kingsiey Stevens
O. M. Stevens
Wm. Frink
Ellis Chizbe
E. D. Draper
Alfred Bailey
Edward F. Smith
H. K. Edwarda
Rusmil Hall
Alfred Fond
Enox Allen
1. & -. Keller
Alexander Maccauley
Mr. Harnet Duna
Still & Freeman
Joseph Kennington
J. K. Solomon
Stillman Spooner
Robert Hume
Bem A. Stevens
Lyman Butts
James J. Randal!
James Benton
James A. Burr
Prof. Buckley
P. Bowen
Olinda Boles
E. T. Brewer
Jabez Cogswell
Henry Baxter
Ben : Fraukhn
Alfred Bennet
D. B. Maxson
Thomas, J. Conklin
R. W. Burdick
Arthur Erwin
W'm. Hyde
Hamore Hydo
W. Gear
FREDERICK DOUGLAS- PAPER
PUBLISHED AT 25 BUFFALO STEEZT. LOPPOSITE THE
ARCADE| EY FREDERICE DOUGLA ...
nothing
back,
wer lotty, bor crime
kawasor hour. but fearlessly proclaimed to
waging, of the lower against the higher law,
Kath and it should be told, the clergy are
TERMS:
TWO DOLLARS PER ANNUM, Invariably
in advance.
ADVERTISEMENTS, not exceeding ten lines
meerted three times for ONE DOLLAR. Every aus-
quent insertion, TWENTY-FIVE CENTS. Liberal re
fuctions runde on yearly advertisements.
ALL COMMUNICATIONS, whether on burners
of the paper, or fur publication, should be addressed
(post-paula to FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
N. Y.
is obviously the great question of the day,
chalis wish and corrupt-a set of moral
Resolved, That the duty of this society
shall be, to devise and forward all plans or
means that shall tend to the benefit and im-
portance of the object for which this asso-
cia ion is formed-the increase of emigration
and the speedy building up of the African
in church and the state, and involves the same
as-tu t .: breast the current-to
principle as that between "the powers that
Hjniak Gut. lest they should lose their livinga.
be" under Ahab and Jezebel, and the higher
Muka thuis are almost always sen floating
lawe, as administered by the Prophet Elijah.
Let us pray and hope that instead of a tragi- Ition whether he would risk his life in the I Republic .- Roch. Democrat.
2er A lady has recently been made a
member of the Legion of Honor in France.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER,
