FREDERICK DOUGLASS' PAPER.
ROCHESTER LADIES' ANTI-SLAVERY
SEWING SOCIETY
frederick Douglass' Paper.
persons in Alleghany County, who had never
heard of Frederick Douglass, nor of his fugi-
tiveship. I was, therefore, a bran new article,
and was observed with unusual eurosity. In
Nile, as elsewhere, I took occasion to hold up
the wicked pro-slavery position of the Lords,
Lathrops, Spencers, Tyngs, Deweys, Cozes,
Sharps and Stewarts ; and to my surprise, I
found the people so simple-hearted, as to
doubt even the possibility that ministers of
the gospel could have uttered the vile and
blasphemous doctrines, which this squad of
Rev'd Divines have so boldly and boastfully
proclaimed. " And have not these ministers
been dealt with ?" said a friend to us as he
hung his head in doubt. " Dealt with !" said
I; "they are the chief stars in the crown of
American divinity, the very pride of the
churches to which they belong." The read-
ing of the pamphlets which I left there, will
doubtless do much to open the eyes of this
unsophisticated community of Seventh-day
Baptists to the guilt and corruption of the
great mass of the American Church and
Clergy. Still accompanied by my friend Mr.
Cole, I pressed forward through rain and
mud, to my appointment at Cuba. Whether
it was the dull weather, or the associations
which surrounded the name of the place, I
knew not, but I felt that it must be a hard
community, and on arriving at the Hotel, I
found that at least, was supplied with numer-
ous worshippers of " John Barleycorn." This
served by no means to heighten my estimate
of the character of Cuba, especially when I
heard among the topers, "that's the nigger
that's going to lecture here to-night," together
with some narrations, touching the mobo-
cratic demonstration of Rynders, and his
gang, at the Annual Meeting of the American
Society in 1850.
further on the subject that I yielded the to
request to speak in the Chapel connected
with the Academy in the evening, where
again I had a full house. In Alfred I was
most kindly and hospitably entertained by
the Rev. M :. Hull, a Seventh-day Baptist
minister. I found the people of this de-
nomination generally anti-slavery in senti-
ment, and disposed to co-operate with me
in my efforts to promote that sentiment
through the country. The students at the
Seminary nearly exhausted my box of books,
and I came away feeling that I had left the
good seed of anti-slavery sown in good
ground. The hope of the slave is in the
young. We need have little trouble with
the old pro-slavery people of the county
if we can rain the ear and heart of the
young. Tie moral sense of the latter is
keen, their sensibilities are more alive to
the inhumanities of slavery, and they have
more courage to grapple with questions of
reform, that those who have settled down
content with things as they are. Alfred
Centre is about one of the finest locations
for a school that could possibly be selected.
It is not surpassed in natural beauty by the
world renowned Dunkeld in Scotland. There
are lofty hills on all sides of it, most of them
covered with forests. Such a place in Eng-
land or Scotland would be made classic
ground by the genius of either country. It
is just the place to "teach the young idea
how to shoot"
Now Mr. Thompson is the last man in the THE MORE FAVORABLE CONDITION OF THE
world who should " expose, in strong terms,
the absurdity and duplicity" of the Liberty
WHIG PARTY.
Party." It does not look well in a member
of the British Parliament, who has sworn to
support the British constitution, with its ano-
malies, and who has labored as hard and as
long as Mr. Thompson to convince the peo-
ple of his constituency that it was for their
interest and political well-being to elect him to
that high position, now to deal in the lan-
guage of self-righteous scorn towards politics.
Extensive iniquiries having been made of
some of the members of this newly organized
society concerning its principles, ends, aims
and objects, the Isdies who comprise it beg
again to present the constitution of the so-
ciety to their friends and to the public in
general. They also wish to draw especial at
tention to the 7th article, which indicates, in
plain terms, the course they design to pur-
sue; and they desire further to state that.
" Like the anti-slavery associations in Dublin.
" s Belfast and in Cincinnati, they have
"taken their stand on independent ground.
"al are prepared to welcome straightfor-
wand anti-slavery advocacy, without refer-
hence to its coming from Garrisonian or
Liberty Party
" ALL RIGHTS FOR ALL !"
cal compromise, which, infamous as it is, has
placed Mr. Fillmore beyond the reach of
his enemies, who are obliged to honor him
for it, how much soever they are convinced
of its wickedness, and who, at this moment
are bearing him through city and country in
all the pageant pomp of earthly glory -
There was a time when a one-idea party was
the theme in the mouths of Whigs and
Democrats of constant scorn and contempt
and now, all who really feel the scorn and
contempt which such a party justly merits.
are escaping from them, and are concentrating
against them the most intense indignation, not
merely for their " one-idea " position, but
for such an idea as they have selected to form
an issue upon. Had it been a tariff, or publie
improvements, or national bank, or the like
upon which the issue was proposed, it hs
been more endurable; but the issue is. "
the settlement of last winter remain, come wia
will of the parties ?" Shall the people of
the North become slave-hunters and sle
catchers, and yield themselves to the bar
business of seizing our citizens and return
ing them into slavery without a trial and with
out relief ? Shall we permit the black and
bloody wave of slavery to roll
Mexico and Utah, and wherever
widening boundaries of the United States
will allow ?
Last week I sent you the remarks of the
N. F. Times, exulting at the more favorable
condition of the Whig party, for the reason
that the abolitionists had deserted it, and
had entered the Democratic party. They
caused distraction in the Whig party ; they
now cause distraction in the Democratic
party. The Whigs were now united and pre-
pared to enter the Presidental contest all in
harmony. The Democrats were divided
and engaged in that contest amidst discord-
ant counsels, principles and passion.
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 16, 1851.
Liberty Party Nominations.
FOR PRESIDENT,
GERRIT SMITH, of New York.
FOR VICE-PRESIDENT,
CHARLES DURKEE, of Wisconsin.
" He exposed in strong terms, the absurdity
and duplicity of the Liberty Party." He
did, eh ? Well ! we should like to have
heard him. " The absurdity" is bad enough.
This "absurdity" is a thing of a man's think-
ing ; but the charge of "duplicity" carries
with it the implication, of weakness hypocrisy,
and corruption ; and the Liberty Party is
guilty of neither. "The absurdity and dupli-
city" of the Liberty Party in this country, are
precisely what " the absurdity and duplicity"
of Mr. Thompson were when he acted with
the British Abolitionists for the overthrow of
Slavery in the West Indies. The same as
when he acted with Messrs. Cobden, Bright,
Wilson, Thompson, and other distinguished
politicians in promoting the election of men
to Parliament who were in favor of the
Abolition of the corn laws, and would vote
for none other. "The absurdity and du-
plicity " of " the Liberty Party" are pre-
cisely what Mr. Thompson's " aburdity and
duplicity" were when he became a " director
of the East India Company," according to
his own showing a most heartless body,) in
order that he might reinstate the dethroned
"Rajah of Sattara," and otherwise advance
the political interest of India.
ALLEGHANY COUNTY.
My anti-slavery tour in this county is com-
pleted. I have visited during my absence
from home, ten towns ; delivered fourteen an-
ti-slavery lectures; disposed of numerous anti-
slavery publications, among them, about
one hundred copies of the able speeches of
Gerrit Smith on "Civil Government," and
on the United States Constitution ; obtained
a large addition to my subscription list ; and
I trust, have done something to widen and
deepen the interest already felt by the peo-
ple of that county on the subject of human
freedom and human advancement.
KONSTITUTION ON THE ROCHESTER LADIES'
ANTI-SLAVERY SEWING SOCIETY.
Whereas. Slavery is an evil that ought not
In exist, and is a violation of the inalienable
rights of man, as set forth in the Declaration
of American Independence ; and
Wherv. the National Constitution was
adopted by the jepl of the United States
tu mistablish Justice, provide for the common
/ ..... . ure Domic Tranquility, and
weer to themselves and posterity the bless-
To say that I am gratified by my visit to
Alleghany County, is but a feeble expression
of my feelings. On arriving at Belfast, (the
place of my first appointment,) I was warmly
welcomed by my esteemed friend, A. N. Cole
of Basswood Cottage, a man distinguished for
his kindness of heart, and his intelligent de-
votion to my oppressed and hunted people.
When, the perpetuity of Slavery in
the United States, depriving one portion of
the temple of the inestimable blessings of
Illness a gross violation of Justice, and
gratis endangers the Domestic Tranquility :
How. .... the utskrsigned, ladies of Roch-
ctncin order to do what vụ may that Sia-
waty may be abolished, and that the blessings
kit Littarts may le weured to all the people
of this favored land, de form ourselves into
a Society, under the style and title of - THE
IDITHE LINE" ANTI-SLAVERY SEWING
Nu try ( and do adopt the following
Owing to the bad state of the roads, I failed
to reach Belfast in time for the meeting of
the afternoon on Wednesday, the 1st October,
and the meeting in the evening had been
given up, from an apprehension that I should
not reach there; and although it was quite
dark when I arrived, the friends bestirred
themselves, obtained the Methodist Meeting-
house, circulated the notice from door to
door, throughout the village, and a meeting
was soon obtained. Weary and worn with
my journey, I was not in a state to lecture
with much case to myself, or with much sat-
isfaction to my hearers ; but the desire of the
meeting was so strong, that I did not feel at
liberty to refuse to speak. Mr. Cole accompan-
ied me to the church, bearing a part of my
burden of pamphlets, and introduced me to
the meeting. His brief speech was suited to
the occasion, and was listened to with obvi-
ous approbation. In my little experience, I
find that it is of no small importance to the lec-
turer in a strange place, to be introduced by
a person favorably known. I felt that I
had this advantage in Belfast ; for, how-
ever the community may differ with Mr.
Cole in his anti-slavery views, I believe all
agree that he is a man of estimable qualities,
in all the relations of life. My meeting in
Belfast ended by the appointment of another
in the same place for Friday night, Oc-
tober 10th. I was welcomed to tarry for the
night, under the hospitable roof of Mr. Trus-
dale, and on Thursday morning, I set out, in
company with A. N. Cole, to Friendship.
where a meeting was convened in the Baptist
Church, for that afternoon.
Mr. Cole and I were not a little relieved,
when we were kindly welcomed to the house
of the Rev. Z. Smith, the Baptist minister, in
whose meeting-house I lectured in the even-
ing. Mr. Smith is one of the few young min-
isters of our country, who have not studied
Christ as the author and sanctifier of oppres-
sion. He opened the meeting with an ardent
prayer for the "deliverance of the captive and
the opening of the prison to them that are
bound." My meeting here, though not large,
was highly encouraging . The feeling evinced
by the hearers, was that of horror at the
enormity of slavery, and the brutal inhuman-
ity of "the fugitive slave law." It was in
Cuba that that traitor to God and man, Mil-
lard Fillmore, did but a few years ago stand up
before the people, and avow his utter abhor-
rence of slavery, and slavery extension, as a
means of winning the votes of the people of
Alleghany County. I wonder if, in his inglori-
ous career of kidnapping, and issuing procla-
mations against the men who were merely
putting in practice what he himself, but a few
years ago, taught, he ever thinks of his politi-
cal perambulations over those hills, and of
his hypocritical harangues in favor of princi-
ples which he now denounces as treasonable !
Will the South trust this supple tool, when
called upon to elect him President ? It may,
but in so doing, it will elect a man who aided
Milton Clarke in his escape from his master,
and who has denounced slavery with as much
outward appearance of scorn and indigna-
tion, as was ever evinced by a Northern poli-
tician. This Fillmore actually succeeded in
making the confiding people of Alleghany
believe that he was an abolitionist ! ! and this
shows how completely he has mastered the
art of demagogueism. But let Fillmore and
From Alfred I went to Almond, and here,
for the first time during my visit to Alle-
ghany, I found that pro-slavery sectarianism
had been sufficiently strong to bolt the doors
of a church against me. The Baptist church
was undergoing repair, and the Presbyterian
church refused to admit the meeting. The
conduct of the committee in this matter was
not less a mistake than a wrong, since there
is sufficient regard for free discussion in Al-
mond to detest the narrow spirit of intoler-
ance by which that conduct was dictated .-
My meeting was held in an old school-house,
and, uninviting and incommodious as it was,
it was filled by a refined and intelligent
audience. Many of the members of the
church condemned the act of closing it, by
giving their presence and their countenance
to my meeting at the school-house. I was
introduced to the meeting by my good friend
Mr. Hull, who, I found, is a man highly es-
teemed in that neighborhood, and whose re-
buke of the pro-slavery spirit which shut the
doors of churches against the advocate of
the slave, fell with telling effect upon the
good people assembled. I was joined at Al-
mond by my friend Giles B. Stebbins, who,
in company with me in the evening, ad-
dressed a large meeting. Mr. Stebbins spoke
on the present aspect of the anti-slavery
cause with much point and effect. I found
at Almond a warm and an intelligent friend
in William Hyde. I was kindly received at
the house of Mr. H. Halbert, to tarry for the
night. Friday and Saturday I revisited Bel-
fast and Rushford, and thus completed my
tour in Alleghany County.
But says Mr. Webb : " He showed that the
Liberty Party has repeatedly fallen to
pieces." If he attempted to do this, "he
showed " what was not true, since there has
been no such repeated falling to pieces of
the Liberty Party, as alleged. The reasoning
which would condemn the Liberty Party, he-
cause of the apostacy, even of a majority of
its members, would be fatal if applied to
" the American Anti-Slavery Society " itself ;
for its whole history has been marked by
withdrawals, separations, divisions and
schisms. The statement that the Liberty
Party " has no principles of cohesion," is vir-
tually saying that it has no principles at all.
for, if it have principles held in common by
its members, they form the cohesive bond of
union ; and we think that if the Liberty Party
have no other than the principle of human
freedom; to bind it together, it e uld not be
honestly affirmed to be destitute of the co-
hesive element. As to the " liability to temp-
tation" to which the Liberty Party is ex-
posed, heaven help us all, (including even our
friends, Webb and Thompson, who, if we
mistake not, have, in their war upon the Lib-
erty Party, not only been tempted, but have
yielded to the temptation to serve a party, at
the expense of the cause of the Slave. That
an Anti-Slavery moral sentiment must pre-
cede Anti-Slavery legislation in this country,
is understood by no men better than by the
members of the Liberty Party ; and to be
gravely told it by Mr. Webb, as a flash of
new light on the subject, is simply amusing.
The assumption that the Liberty Party is
silent on the "sin, disgracefulness, and folly
of Slavery," may be swallowed readily enough
by those who know nothing of the character
of that party ; but will be rejected, as utterly
Arica 1 -This Society shall be called
Rochester Ladies Anti-Slavery Sewing
How poorly did the Times foresee what a
day was to bring forth ! Had it known that
the Whig party, too confident of the success
of the Albany compromise, and of the settle-
ment of the slave question by congress, was so
soon to be shattered by the tragedy at Chris-
tiana, and the earthquake at Syracuse, and
the attempt to cover with the bloody code of
treason all forcible attempt to secure free-
dom for ourselves or others-could the Times
have foreseen these events, it would never
have published that article. The explosion
at Syracuse especially was like a clap of
thunder in a clear sky. No leading Whig
or Democrat that we have heard of was so
imprudent as to aid in the rescue of Jerry.
The glorious deed was the act of the people.
Nothing had so happy and instant effect
in concentrating the elements of the Whig
party, as the following handbill which was
circulated through the State the day after
the rescue of Jerry.
The Whig and the Democratic parties of
this State without a blush, have embraced tt
base side of the issue. The Hanker ar
Free Soil factions have had their compr
and made their settlement, by which.
sake of the offices, they have agreed to staun.
by the administration and its monstrous
measures, and have together embraced t!
same side of that single issue, and only ditt.
in the amount of honor they would pile
the head of the villains who have enacted
them. The Whig party at its State
vention adopted the compromiso madeist
Albany, which definitely and distinctly om
braces the administration and its monstro
measures, and the Democratic party, at du
State Convention, more explicitly avow
their attachment to the national compromis
Indeed that was the only subject of discus
sion in each, and that the only matter, in fact.
agreed on, and there lay the worthless and
miserable parties, in all the blackness oftu
crimes, in the same guilty bed together.
What wonder, then, that there is a breakin
away from those tyrannical and heaven hate
parties in New England and at the West -
What wonder at the convention lately hel
in the West, and an effort to find a prop
platform for the friends of civil government
to rally on ? What wonder when the power
To the Whig Officials of Syracuse .- If the
Whig party attempt to force the Fugitive
Slave Law upon Syracuse by the aid of the
Law of Treason, then let the rallying ery be
" DEATH TO THE WHIG PARTY !" The Pen-
alties of the Fugitive Slave Lay are bad
enough, without adding to them the infamous
death penalties of the law of Treason. If
this is done to accommodate the party in
power-the Whig party-which alone can do
it because it is in power-then let every
Friend of Freedom, of whatever party, de-
nounce against the Whig party, the penalty
of Death ! It is a Traitor to God and man.
and to the Honor and Peace of Syracuse and
the Country. The President is a Whig, his
officials here who have the charge of this
matter in all its parts are Whigs.
The Whigs
of this City only are responsible for any
attempt to stretch the necks of the People
for resisting efforts to enforce this hellish
law on us. The President has put his com-
mands on them-We also put our commands
on them-and if they touch the hair of any of
our heads, for treason in this matter, then
let every friend of freedom hate the Whig
party, and hurry it to Infamy and the Grave !
The leading Whig paper of this State, the
N. Y. Daily Times, which is got up on pur-
pose to defend the new Whig Compromise at
Albany, has already sounded the note of of government are directed against law, and
alarm. He says the attempt to construct
treason upon a resistance to an officer in at-
tempting to enforce the Fugitive Slave Law,
has already weakened the force of that law .-
The reaction has commenced, and adds :
Autista 2 -Its eljeet shall be, to raise
funds for Anti-Slavery purposes-
Mutual 3 -The (theers of this Society
shall consist of President, Vice- President.
Treasurer. Scoretary, and six Directresses.
Arneis 4 .- The Society shall meet once a
formight, at half past two delock P. M.
Natuur 5 .- Thetens of admission to the
membership of the Society shall be the pay-
mint of one dollar annually
Nasa - The funds shall be increased
by Festivals, Faire, &e., as the members may
Amici -The funds of this Society
This be devoted to the diffusion of Anti-
Plavery Sentiments by means of the Press
and the Lecturer: to the relief of the suffer-
ing Fugitiveland for such other Anti-Slavery
Antisur S. The appropriations shall be
made by an efficient committee, chosen by
vote of the members of the Society
ARTICLE -The duty of the President
shall be, to preside in all meetings of the
Society, to ajjoint the place of meeting, and
to have a general wienicht and direction of
the work
.
In passing from Belfast to Friendship.
(a distance of 8 or 10 miles,) I had an
opportunity of seeing something of the
wealth and beauty of Alleghany County. The
wealth consists in its pine forests, and its
beauty in its lofty hills ; some of the latter fall
but little short of the dignity and grandeur of
mountains. Alleghany is, indeed, a county
FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
R. D. WEBB -- GEORGE THOMPSON AND "THE
LIBERTY PARTY."
In a letter dated Bristol, England, from
the gentleman first named, to " the Editor
of the National Anti-Slavery Standard, we
see painful evidence of a determined effort
liberty, and right, that good and true men an
studying to find the national and true foun
dations of society ? So did our fathers when
driven by political persecution in 1576, and
what little occasion had they to do so to
what we have ? They plunged into the
philosophy of human rights, and brought
forth the immortal declaration of
which is now and ever must be a bright
in their crown of glory, "all men are
ture equal and entitled by their Creator to the
same inalienable rights." As they did then, so
must true men do now. And what better
foundation to rally upon, or for a country to
rally upon, than that broad principle lail
down by our fathers ! It is the platform od
the Liberty Party. How different from the
fugitive slave law and its kindred measures
which cover the settler
of the
" The Philadelphia officials who made the
blunder are already rather sick of it. They
found, notwiths anding their success with the
Grand Jury, that every chance is adverse to
a conviction for the crime they have thought
proper to cary in the indictment : and they
feur as we do that the cowardly murderers of
Gorsuch are likely to elude punishment in con-
sequence. It is to be regretted that their line
of action had not been more advisedly
adopted, or could not even yet beabandoned.
We publish this Bill, because we learn that
some whig officials in this city, are attempt-
ing to procure the arrest of some of our
citizens on pretense of Treason.
martim the duties in absence of the
THE ENEMIES OF THE FUGITIVE
SLAVE BILL, WITHOUT DISTINC-
TION OF PARTY.
ding in any
ter ! O let us get away from the old parties
to a new one upon the basis of righteousne --
-J. T.
of bills and vallevs., Thor
which I tra. die",
proaching to a plain, but it presents to the eye,
from its loftiest points, a multitudinous array
of variously formed hills and peaks, mostly
covered with trees, the beauty of the latter
being greatly increased by the rich hues of
Autumn. A visit to Alleghany for the mere
purpose of enjoying its scenery, and drinking
from its crystal streams, would quite repay
the lover of nature, and the seeker of health.
Most of the pine timber that comes to our
market, is from Alleghany. Saw-mills are
dotted all over its valleys, and so profitable
is the lumber business, that many of the men
engaged it, think it more for their interest to
buy their produce, than to cultivate their
lands, of which they have abundance. Tim-
ber is to Alleghany, what gold is to Califor-
nia, and these must be exhausted, before
there will be much cultivation of the soil in
either. The cleared lands of this country are
excellent for grazing purposes. Sheep, cat-
tle, and horses, flourish here in abundance,
and farmers are famous for their rich cheese,
and sweet butter. We predict that in time,
we shall have milk all the way from Alle-
ghany, sold from door to door in our streets.
It will be brought to our city by the Roches-
ter and Pittsburgh railroad, and its sale will
be no small source of revenue to the hardy
farmers of the hills of Alleghany.
his old anti-slavery speeches in Alleghany,
those speeches only serve to deepen the de-
testation of the honest people of that County,
against the sycophant.
on the part of Messrs. Thompson and Webb,
unfounded, by those who withless, without pre-
, 1 .. 1
cates. In what (we would ask Mr. Webb)
is the Liberty exceeded ? Where is the
organization whose course is more uncompro-
mising, and whose testimony to Anti-Slavery
truth is more consistent, straightforward, and
stringent ? What body of men are more
bold in their exposure of the pro-slavery
hypocrisy of the Church, or more faithful in
their dealings with the two great pillars of
Slavery, the Whig and Democratic Parties ?
Without disparaging the American Anti-
Slavery Society, (for we have no heart, even
when thus provoked, to turn accuser of any
part of the brotherhood,) we must still say.
that the Liberty party is not a whit behind
that organization in the stainless purity of its
principles, in its fearless enunciation of truth,
and in the firmness with which it maintains
itself against seductive influences at home,
and unfounded reproaches from abroad.
money paid out.
with " the Liberty Party," of this country,
in an absurd and ridiculous position before
Annicur 12 -It shall be the duty of the
Secretary to keep an accurate account of the
Praxeings of the meetings of the Society,
and to poderia all neediul correspondence
British philanthropists. What private griefs
these gentlemen have, alas ! we know not ;
but one thing we can affirm, that Mr. Thomp-
son's course, in this respect, wears an aspect
exceedingly ungraceful, and unmagnanimous :
for to our certain knowledge, he had no
more unflinching friends when in this country,
than were the faithful band of abolitionists,
designated " the Liberty Party." When here,
Mr. Thompson neither despised their sym-
pathy nor their money ; and it is not a
little strange that he should, so soon after
his return to his native land, exert his mag-
nificent oratorical powers in the work of
their disparagement.
From Cuba, myself and friend proceeded
on Saturday to Rushford. This is a neat vil-
lage, beautifully situated, surrounded by a
fine farming country, and the people, both of
the village and vicinity, gave many indica-
tions of thrift. Among those who received
us here, I gratefully mention Mr. Searl, Mr.
Gillman, and Dr. Sill. Extensive notice had
been given, and a large meeting was convened
in the Methodist meeting-house. I think I
do not remember ever to have held in so
short a time, so many meetings in churches,
and I hail the fact as a cheering omen, in
these dark and perilous times. I was a guest
for the night in the house of a good old Gar-
risonian friend, who had recently removed
from Ohio to Rushford. On Sunday, the
5th, I had a meeting in the Independent
Congregationalist Church at Hume, the min-
ister of which, invited me to the pulpit, and
told me with off-hand frankness, to "take my
own course." I took him at his word, and I
may add still further, that I left him no cause
to say I did not use my freedom. I tried, to
the extent of my ability, to expose the guilty
participation of American ministers and
churches in slavery ; and judging from the ap-
pearance of the audience, many went away,
regretting they had heard the exposure. Men
often hear truths, with so little disposition to
practice them, that they experience about the
The Anti-Slavery Whigs in Syracuse im-
mediately reurea from around the agents of
Mr. Fillmore in Syracuse and left them alone
in their glory. Those agents are the Presi-
dent's appointees, the United States Attorney
Lawrence, the Marshal, who are obliged
to lean against the throne, and catch Slaves
and persecute their neighbors, or lose their
offices.
LITERARY NOTICES.
HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE, OC
This number is very attractive, and the
reader is sure of variety. Among the con
tents that possess considerable interest. am
" Abbot's life of Napoleon Bonaparte": - Mau
rice Tiernay," by Charles Lever ; and - M
Novel or Varieties in English Life, " by Se
Edward Bulwer Lytton." Several of the
original articles are of considerable mere.
and the present number well sustains its refur
tation.
Art . 1 -It shall be the duty of the
.... to make all purchases, and
to cut and prepare all the work for the
ARTICLE 14 -Each member of the Society
shall be responsible for the completion of
any poste of work she may undertake
ARTICLE 15 -It shall be the rule of the
wiety that the supper consist of tea, bread
mul butter, one kind of plain cake, and one
simple relish. Any violation of this article
sulacets the individual to a fine of 25 cents.
Pa-MEs. S. D). PORTER.
. ... Proidad-Mus. WEDDLE.
7. Miss PORTER.
But it is not in Syracuse alone that the
Whig party is thus arraigned. The division
has gone through the State. Anti-Slavery
Whigs and presses have been forced by this
overaction of the great Whig head at Wash-
ington, to array themselves against the
Government. No party papers fight each
other with greater passion and bitterness
than the Hunkers and Free-Soil Whig papers
of this State. The two factions of that party
stand out in their distinct and hostile colors.
The Compromise at Albany was all " Frost-
work ;" it dissolved the first moment a negro
stood for liberty. It disappeared with the
breath that pronounced the penalty of trea-
son upon the crime of trying to be free .-
The prophesy of the Tunes perished like an
untimely birth. One question only may com-
bine the voters of the Whigs of this State at
the coming election. That is, the canal
question. On the Presidential question
the party is already irretrievably dismem-
J. T.
bered.
It is to be hoped, however, that the friends
of humanity in England, will weigh well the
statements and reasonings of Mr. Thomp-
son before they condemn a Party, the stand-
ard bearer of which is GERRIT. SMITH of
Peterboro-a name that needs the prefix
of no adjective to commend it to the love
and admiration of Philanthropists through-
out the world.
Mr. Webb asks, with apparent sim-
plicity, "what is then to prevent the Liberty
party from putting forth some exposition of
their views, that shall recommend itself as Gar-
MISS WILDER,
son's does, to every enlightened conscience, which
is unbiassed by sect, and undimmed by selfish-
ness ?" Most innocently put, barring the
crookedness of the sentence ! We must re-
MISS ADAMS.
It appears that, at the meeting in Bristol,
(of which Mr. Webb furnishes the Standard
with an account,) Mr. Mathews, the Free
Mission Baptist from the United States, took
occasion to explain the claims and merits of
the Liberty Party. Mr. Webb says, " he (Mr.
Mathews) was followed by Mr. Thompson, must be few "enlightened consciences" left in
who took his arguments and statements to
same sensation as the inebriated man may be
supposed to feel, when aroused from his slum-
bers by the ray of the sun falling upon his
eye-lids. At Hume, I spent the night at the
house of Mr. N. W. Skiff, to whom I feel in-
debted for his hospitality, and liberal dona-
tion. From Hume, Mr. Cole took me to East
Allen, and to the home of a farmer named
Benjamin Franklin ; and Franklin himself
could not have possessed a manlier heart, nor
a more cordial spirit, than the Franklin of
East Allen. I shall long remember my visit
to this plain old farmer's, as one of the most
pleasant and instructive, which I made in Al-
leghany.
At this point, I and my traveling
companion, Mr. Cole, separated, with regrets
on my part, and good wishes on his. To him
I feel mostly indebted for the success of my
meetings. He planned them, and I did much
to awaken an interest in them through the
county, by causing them to be advertised,
with suitable comments, in the county paper.
On Tuesday afternoon a meeting was ap-
pointed for me at Granger. The Methodist
Meeting-House was filled with an audience
evincing an earnest desire to hear. I ob-
served in the congregation a large sprinkling
of English faces, and learned, upon inquiry,
that the farmers in that region were mostly
from England. These English farmers re-
tain their national peculiarities with real
English tenacity, and among the number,
their English abhorrence of slavery. Long
may they remain true to the oppressed ! In
the evening of Tuesday, I had a small meet-
ing at the house of Benjamin Franklin .-
pieces, and exposed, in strong terms, the ab-
surdity and duplicity of their political enter-
prise under the name of Anti-Slavery action,
as compared with the onslaught of the Abo-
litionists upon the selfishness and hypocrisy
which form the true corner stones of the sys-
tem of Slavery. He showed that the Liberty
Party has repeatedly fallen to pieces-that it
has no principles of cohesion-that it is liable
to all the temptations by which mere politi-
cians are apt to be betrayed from the path
of truth and consistency-and that until the
American people are indoctrinated into a
sense of the sin, disgracefulness and folly of
Slavery, it is vain to expect them to legislate
upon it. Garrison's doctrine is so simple
and luminous that he who runs may read .-
What is, then, to prevent the Liberty Party
from putting forth some exposition of their
views that shall recommend itself, as Gar-
rison's does, to every enlightened conscience
which is unbiased by seet and undimmed by
selfishness ? I have seen Gerrit Smith's Let-
ter and Lysander Spooner's Treatise. But
they are ponderous arguments. Who can
take them in? Even Frederick Douglass
transcendent ability was unable to master
them until he had sat for a long time at the
feet of the Liberty Party Gamaliel ; and I
fear that now, with all his talent and with the
help of all the zeal that converts feel, he will
find it very difficult to communicate his con-
victions to any of those who are not already
fascinated by the American passion for poli-
tics. However, although Mr. Mathews is a
zealous advocate of the Liberty Party, he
will not succeed in convincing many in these
parts of the stability of its moral foundations
or of the straight-forwardness of the assump-
tions by which it is bolstered up. It is diffi-
cult to most Englishmen to turn their atten-
tion to the complicated political movements of
the United States, or to make them under-
stand how they can be made use of to much
being a fugitive from slavery, supposing the my meeting in the afternoon, the school be-
fact to be so generally known, as scarcely to ing adjourned for the purpose. At the close
purpose for the abolition of Slavery, until
the nation has been aroused and enlightened
| need reiteration; but it is easy to find scores of | of my lecture, such was the desire to hear / to the enormity of the system."
The members of the Society earnestly
desire that it may prove a source of much
usefulness to the great cause it designs to
asanee. They, therefore, make a strenuous
appealin its behalf to all the liberal friends
of oppressed humanity, both at home and
abirxnul, and they call ujaen them for aid in
their present efforts to free the slave from
his chains, and to suceor the fleeing fugitive.
gret that there is too great a resemblance in
the reception given to the expositions of the
Liberty party, and that which has hitherto at-
tended the exposition of Mr. Garrison. There
I found at Friendship, an audience assem-
bled to hear me, such as is seldom gathered to
hear an anti-slavery discourse, and such an
one, as it was a pleasure to address. Alive
with interest, frank, intelligent, there was no
trouble in making the assembly understand
any point which I deemed it necessary to en-
force. On the question of disobedience and
resistance to "the fugitive slave law," in the
persons of the detestable herd of man-hunt-
ers now prowling about the Northern States,
the feeling seemed unanimous, and left no
hope for kidnappers in that region. DEATH
TO KIDNAPPERS, is by no means an unpopular
sentiment in the neighborhood of Friendship.
There is something in the very surface of the
country, full of the inspiration of liberty, and
manly virtue. I hope that the great South-
ern New York and Erie railroad, while it
may bring prosperity to the doors of Friend-
ship, and its vicinity, may not also introduce
an impure and diluted sentiment, and a
deadened moral sense to a community now so
keenly alive to the appeals of justice and hu-
manity. I scattered many pamphlets here,
and obtained several subscribers.
Until lately we never did believe Mr. Fill-
more and Webster could make their threat
good, to wit : " The execution of the fugitive
slave law shall be the issue for the next Presi-
dential election." When the Whig 'and
Democratie Hunkers of this city and state
put themselves upon that issue, in face of the
popular feeling here and elsewhere, we did
believe they would soon find they were left
alone in their glory. But strange to say, the
administration has succeeded ; and, however
disgusting, odious, and even contemptible,
Mr. Fillmore and Webster made themselves
in the opinions of all right-minded men,
they have fully succeeded by the dint of
official and pro-slavery party influence to
fasten the above issue upon the country.
this unhappy world, if those only are so who
assent entirely to the "expositions" of Mr.
Garrison ! " I have seen Gerrit Smith's letter,"
says Mr. Webb. We should like to know
WHICH ? for Gerrit Smith has written many
letters on the subject of slavery, during the
last 18 or 20 years, and if they could all be
collected, they would not fall short of filling
The Society purpose having an anti-slavery
entertainment, together with a sale of goods.
in the course of the coming winter, of which
due notice will be given.
Donations in aid of the Society are re-
ceived by the Treasurer. Miss Porter, 10
Pouth Sophia St: the Vice President, Mrs.
Weddle, comer of Exchange and Glasgow
Stretajana at the .North Star Office.
By order of the Committee.
JULIA GRIFFITHS, Sody.
up friend Webb's garret, in Dublin. We are
glad that Mr. Webb does not pretend to have
read Gerrit Smith's " letter ;" he only speaks
of having "seen " it. The sight of it was
doubtless enough for him. He saw enough
to convince him, that both " Mr. Smith's ' let-
ter' and Mr. Spooner's treatise, are ponderous
arguments." We agree with the letter of
this conclusion, though we may dissent from
its spirit, for we believe the arguments to be
GIVE HIM TOEL PATRONAGE-Our estima-
ble colored follow citizen. Lewis Hlyden, has
removed his Clothing Establishment to 76
Cambrils, Street, where he has fitted up
one of the badamnest shops on the street-
adding to his excellent assortment of Cloth-
ing. a good variety of Hats and Caps of the
newest fashions-all which he will sell at
very low prices. There is no che more
desiring of encouragement and aid in his
tusks .. or more worthy of confidence and
meganl. theci Mr. Hayden. Formerly a slave
ku Kentucky, but now a freeman by purchase
as well as natural right. he has bellaved, ever
since his rasilence in Boston, in a manly and
upright manner, svineing the very noblest
salita his father, and a man.
and therefore is entitled to a liberal share of
the public patronage .- Liberator.
The question is not now whether this or
that party shall succeed in choosing their
candidates. But the question is, " shall the
not only weighty, but unanswerable. " Eng- |fugitive slave law be forced upon the citizens
lishmen" may not be quite as clear in mental
vision, as some of us apprehend ; still we can-
not believe, with Mr. Webb, that it is difficult
to make them understand the necessity and
appropriateness of political action in this
country for the abolition of slavery. Indeed,
we found it difficult to make "Englishmen" un-
derstand how slavery could be otherwise abol-
ished. The philosophy of infusing a correct
moral sentiment into the government, by
means' of voting for good men, and against
bad ones, has been too often advocated in Eng-
land by George Thompson, Esq., M. P., not to
be pretty easily comprehended throughout
the realm. If, however, " Englishmen " need
further light upon that subject, let them at-
tend Mr. Thompson, in one of his election-
eering campaigns through the Tower Ham-
lets, and if they are not then initiated, we
shall unite with the haters of England, and
call John Bull a stupid fellow ! !
of this country ?" When this atrocious law
was first published, the instinct of the North
broke out in a loud expression of indignation
against it. It spoke before the discipline of
party had time to modify its expression or
stifle the honest feelings of the people .-
From present appearances the scene has en-
tirely changed, and in respect to party pros-
pects, there is a great reason to fear the just
and honest indignation which originally de-
nounced the fugitive slave bill, is extensively
allayed.
From Friendship, Mr. Cole and I started
for Nile, a village whose inhabitants are
mainly Seventh-day Baptists, a denomination
more numerous in Alleghany County, than in
any other county of the State of New York,
or of the United States. Their little Chapel,
an exceedingly neat little building, was filled
with a quiet and tidy-looking congregation.
Mr. Cole, who had before lectured in the
Chapel, felt at liberty here, as well as in Bel-
fast, to introduce me to the meeting. He al-
luded to my experience as a slave, and ran
over the narrative of my life with as much
ease and familiarity, as if he had been a com-
It is a most unexpected result, after the
reflection and experience of so many months,
that both the Whig and the Democratic
parties not only embrace the fugitive slave
bill and its execution, but the entire settle-
ment whose terms were so intensely odious
at first, as well as the administration, for no
other reason than that it originated and
carried through those black, infernals chemes.
We venture to say that if the character of
Mr. Fillmore's administration is to be judged
by those measures, it is at this moment the
most popular administration that has ever
existed in this country. Against it, no
stickler for office, or dependent for popu-
larity in either party, dare wag his tongue .-
Its crowning act is that inhuman and diaboli-
writer has employed John Oliver to do the
usual job work of Carpenters, and found him
a neat and capable workman, accomplishing
much in a short time.
Those acquainted
with the prejudice against which the colored
mechanic has to contend will see that job
work must be his main reliance. If we would
muluce the colored man to attempt the me-
chanie trades, and thus elevate himself and
drown the prejudice that blights his race, we
should be particularly careful to heap all the
little patronage that lies in our power on
ence of the sort in his sojourn with me thro'
nary, under the direction of Prof. Kenyon.
the British Isles. It was a little amusing to | This Seminary has students to the number
be introduced with so much reference to my
of two hundred, about all of whom attended
panion with me in the sufferings of the South-
Here, as elsewhere, my remarks were listened
ern prison-house. His exhibition of me as a
with manifest attention and good feeling. On
chattel, reminded me of some of the best per-
Wednesday afternoon, I held an excellent
formances in this line, of my old friend,
meeting (the largest of the series) at Alfred
James N. Buffum, who had a large experi-
Centre. There is here a flourishing" Semi-
SORROW AND IMPATIENCE .- It is important
to make a distinction between sorrow and im
patience.
We may feel sorrow without sin ;
but we can never feel impatience without
sin. Impatience always involves a want of
submission ; and he who is wanting in sub-
mission, even in the smallest degree, is not
perfect before God .- Inquirer.
those enterprising individuals who lead the
way.
Let any Abolitionist, then, who needs
a carpenter, remember Mr. Oliver. His shop
is No. 33 Friend street, and he has a slate at
the Anti-Slavery Rooms, 21 Cornhill, all
orders left on which will be promptly at-
tended to .- Liberator.
W. P.
LITTELL' 4 LIVING AGE, Numbers 386, and
Are, as usual, filled with valuable variety
Biography and History, Travels by Land and
Sea, Political and Literary articles well com
piled, combine to render the " Living A.
an important, and almost indispensable wit
to the friends of progress.
PRISONER'S FRIEND, OFt.
We always welcome this magazine to
table. Its name is significant. Its olijest
mainly, the amelioration of the conditioner
the criminal, and the elevation and restera
tion of the fallen sons and daughters of hu
manity. The editor, Mr. Spear, is now
England. His "notes by the way," conta
ing as they do, his account of a visit
several of "the Ragged Schools" of London
will be perused with gratification
who desire the reformation of the juvara
delinquents of that metropolis. W.
sincerely glad of Mr. Spear's introduction to
Lord Ashley. (now Earl of Shaftsbury,
we deem that nobleman to be an exee
embodiment of true, honest-hearted. B
philanthropy. We wish the Editor of
Prisoner's Friend" all prosperity while
his mission of mercy.
The Canary, and other Foreign and Domestic -
Birds. Giving full instruction for the many
ment and feeding -- the proper treatment of
young, &e .- carefully compiled from actualk
edge and experience. Rochester-Pubit-
G. W. Fisher
This is a nice little book-a cheap
book-and a useful little book for the le
Fancier, and we give the advertisementos
aim and object with pleasure .- J. o.
The following work is presented to ti
public with confidence as to its merits.
Believing, from the frequent inquiries
such a book, that it was much needed, sto
were taken to procure its compilation
arrangement, by one fully competent to
task ; and it is confidently believe!
there is no similar book now extant, w!
so much useful matter pertaining to the
most beautiful Cage Bird, the Canary, sade
found at so low a price.
Everything needed by the bird faneser.
enable him to pair, breed, raise and treat
favorite pet is here mentioned in the net
plain simple manner ; and every one hasta
to do with, or wishing to raise these hartu
nious songsters should possess a copy, as
price is nothing in comparison to the inte
mation it contains.
To THE MEMBERS OF THE LIBERTY L'ANTI
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK .- The State CH
vention ordered me to furnish the State von!
for the Liberty Party of this Stateat the cut
ing election. The time is short. 1 -
therefore that all who are not provided will
them will inform me by letter post paid-and
if convenient send along a contribution to
pay their part of the expense.
JOHN THOMAS
SYRACUSE, Oct. 12, 1851.
There are 726 Indians in the State
Michigan who belong to the Methodis
Church.
