HEART MOUNTAIN SENTINEL
Vol. III - No. 33A HEART MOUNTAIN, WYOMING - SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1944 5¢ Within City - 10¢ Elsewhere

Hoover Lauds Evacuees for Conduct

WASHINGTON, D.C. — That portion of the nation’s population which, because of foreign ancestry, became suspect when this country went to war, has given little trouble to its guardians.
Federal Bureau of Investigation Director J. Edgar Hoover says the “dollar patriots,” “misery chisellers,” and “horseplay pranksters,” whose American ancestry should leave no question of their loyalty, have proven much more of a problem than Japanese, German, and other Axis nationals or war prisoners.
American citizens of Japanese ancestry, uprooted wholesale from their homes on the Pacific Coast, have hardly a black mark. The War Relocation Authority reports no sabotage and no espionage among them, and probably a much smaller number of minor crimes and misdemeanors than would be found in another group of 125,000 persons.
There are approximately 10,000 Japanese Americans now in the Army, and probably several hundred have been killed. The 100th Infantry Battalion, composed entirely of Japanese Americans, including many from Hawaii recraited before Pearl Harbor, was cited several times for its effective fighting in Italy.
More than 1,000 Purple Heart crosses have been won by the 100th.
The Japanese Americans are now combined in one organization, the 442nd Combat Team, and 5,000 of them recently saw action near Livorno (Leghorn) in Italy.
About 25 per cent of the approximately 110,000 Japanese originally confined in the barracks'like relocation settlements in adn west of the Rockies are now making their own living. They are establishing new homes in hundreds of cummunities all over the United States.
After Bataan, in the Denver district alone, 35 or 40 Japanese blood donors came forward.
About 25 percent of the approximately 110,000 Japanese originally confined in the barracks-like relocation settlements in and west of the Rockies are now making their own living. They are establishing new homes in hundreds of communities all over the United States.
It is certain that some California communities, for instance, will welcome the return of their citizens of Japanese descent. A movement to prepare for the homecoming already is underway in Pasadena.
But it is equally certain that there will be objections elsewhere. Protests against the return of the Japanese Americans to many California locations have been filed by American Legion posts, county officials, farm organizations, or women’s clubs.
Previous to evacuation, the Nisei and their loyal parents maintained probably the highest standard of any racial group.
Youth in high schools, colleges, and universities on a per capita basis were at the top of the list in intellectual attainments, while many participated in athletics and extracurricular work. In their home communities, Americans of Japanese ancestry were among the leading contributors to humanitarian campaigns—the Red Cross, Community Chest, and other drives.
There was less delinquency among their children than among any other group, and during the difficult years of depression, it was almost unheard of to find a Japanese name among relief recipients.

Nearly 30,000 Find New Meaning for Future on Second Anniversary
By DILLON S. MYER
(National Director, WRA)

# TODO continue from here
