I, No, l Christams Edition D860.

CHRISTMAS PROGRAM

; tgp Noel Pageant to Highlight
| Vacation” | Gala Holiday Festivities

tions for evaouee workers Highlighting the Center Christmas celebrations will
will be this afternoon be the outdoor program presented by the Holiday com
and Christmas day, mittee at 2:30 pam, today on the high school athletic

New Year's day and the fol- field, announced George Uyeda, chairman.
lowing Saturday morning. The Rev. Joseph Fukushima will open the program with
_ Vacations are with pay. ®& prayer. Holiday greetings willbe extended by Ray-D.
Rey D. Johnston, Johnston, Project director, and Drs. J. B. Hunter, chief

Projeot Director of Community Services. :

The entire assembled group will then sing several

ax carols led by Hal Noguohi.
“Sain k le Deli Op: Two speoial Christmas num
4 Nic Wt iver ne a bers,- "Arise, Shine for
the Goods Tonight  _cBRED.N) my ise ta coms ty coores
———— Je Elvery and"It Came Upon
. Santa Claus*® will — on his tour of the Center the Midnight Clear*® by
tonight, at 7 o'clock to present over 3500 Christmas Arthur ‘Sullivan, will te
gifts to children of 15 years-and under, who will be sung by the Center chorus
gathered in their Mess halls for. the blook. holiday direoted by leole Parsley.
Programs, reported George Uyeda, eho Lae. of the Holi- #§_ "Nativity," the Noel
day committee, pageant to he acted out by
“. The Americeag Friends Service ‘panitio with the 12 Gnter dramatists direot-
oooperation of the: JACL ‘ ead Mrs. Merrill Ziegler,:
carried out the program to ATTENTION / a neces today's oute
give surprise Christmas IATA door holiday show. Against
presents to children in the FIRE HAZARDS pase a simple stage-
ten rolocation centers. - In order to keep this settings and with soft
With their headquarters in Christmas a merry one, musical accompanimnt, the
Philadelphia, Fenn., and residents were osutioned pageant will depict the
Washington, D.C., respeot- by Hays Miller, fire pros birth of Christ through
ively, the two groups made tection officer, to be dramatized biblical seleo-
oontacts with various orga- oareful with the Christmas tions. . .
nizations and individuals lighting. . Readers will be the Rev.
including the United Pres- Candle flames endwiring Harper Sakaue end Mrse:
byteriens, AM end the on the Christmas trees are Ziegler. Between the scems
__pethodists who senttoRoh- especially dangerous fire. the choral group will s
Leaner, oa page 2) hazards. {Continued on page 2

