DOUBLE MURDER BY A MOTHER AT RUSHOLME.

[SUBJECT OF ILLUSTRATION.]

ABOUT noon on Friday information was received at the Rusholme
Police-station that a woman had murdered her two children, aged three
and five respectively, and then attempted to commit suicide by drowning.
Upon the information being received Inspector Smith went at once with
the person who gave the information to No. 54, Moss-side. On making a
detailed examination of the premises he found the two children lying on
a bed in one of the bedrooms naked and quite dead, apparently from
drowning. Upon the body of one of the children there was a piece of
paper containing some almost illegible writing. What portions of it that
could be made out rang as follows :-- “Dear Papa, -- I could not stand
it any longer . . . . to you. I do not think they are dead, for they . .
. We shall never meet in heaven. I could not help it. I had a good
husband.” The inspector took Mrs. Hibbert to the Rusholme
Police-station, where she now lies. The full circumstances of the case
appear to be as follows: -- The unfortunate woman is the wife of Thomas
Hibbert, joiner and builder. About twelve months ago Mrs. Hibbert gave
birth to a child. She fell ill, and finally became insane. She was
removed to the Parkfield Asylum, near Macclesfield, of which institution
she was an inmate up till the 3rd of this month. On that day her husband
took her home, although warned that she was not perfectly sane, and that
a strict watch would have to be kept over her actions. He proposed to
hire a nurse, but Mrs. Hibbert appeared to be very much upset at such a
notion being entertained that the idea was abandoned. On Friday morning
he left for work as usual, leaving instructions for the servant to look
after his wife. Shortly after his departure Mrs. Hibbert called the
children upstairs to her, and was upstairs for about half an hour. She
came down looking very ill. The servant became alarmed, and called in a
neighbour. They went upstairs and heard a splashing in the bath. They
went into the room and found Mrs. Hibbert in the bath. She then told
them the two children were upstairs, but she did not think they were
dead. She also told them she had been trying to drown herself. They at
once went and gave information to the police.

LATER DETAILS.

Upon further inquiries being made, the following details were
ascertained. About a year ago Mrs. Hibbert was confined of a child. The
week following she fell ill, ultimately becoming insane, necessitating
her removal to the Parkfield Asylum, Macclesfield. She was detained in
that institution until Wednesday, when she was taken out by her husband.
He was told she was not perfectly convalescent. He stated his intention
of providing a nurse for her, but that seemed to excite Mrs. Hibbert to
such an extent that the idea was reluctantly abandoned. Mrs. Hibbert
rose about half-past seven on Friday morning and had breakfast with her
husband. She then appeared to be in her usual health, bodily and
mentally. Mr. Hibbert left the house about eight o’clock in order to
proceed to his work, but prior to his doing so he gave strict orders to
his servant to keep an eye upon her mistress’s movements. About nine
o’clock Mrs. Hibbert told the servant to call the children in from
playing in the front garden. Mrs. Hibbert took hold of the children and
took them upstairs with her. She came down shortly afterwards and sent
the servant for a bottle of soda, saying that she felt very unwell. On
the servant’s return with the soda water, she asked her mistress what
had become of the children. Mrs. Hibbert replied that they had gone to
the corner shop. The servant went to inquire if they were there, but was
told they had never been there. Becoming alarmed, she procured a
neighbour named Mrs. Deedle to go back to the house with her, as she
suspected something was the matter. On reaching the house they heard a
splashing in the bathroom. They proceeded thither, and found Mrs.
Hibbert in the bath. They asked her where the children were, and Mrs.
Hibbert replied, “I have drowned them. I don’t think they are dead, as
they are quite warm.” She took them into a bedroom where the two
children were found lying quite naked on the bed, and although the
bodies were warm they were perfectly dead. Mrs. Hibbert also told them
she had been trying to drown herself in the bath for the last half hour.
On receipt of this information Inspector smith went down to the house
and made an examination of the premises. He found the two children lying
dead on the bed. A piece of paper containing a few almost illegible
sentences was laid on the body of the eldest child.
