THE QUEEN V. LEGG.

QUEEN’S BENCH DIVISION. – (Before Lord Coleridge and Mrs. Justice
Mathew.) – In this case a rule had been granted for a certiorari to
remove an indictment for libel preferred against George Francis Legg, a
solicitor, on the prosecution of Harold Alexander, an officer in her
Majesty’s army, from the Central Criminal Court to this Court, in order
that it might be tried before a special jury. The circumstances were as
follow: Both the defendant and prosecutor are members of the Cocoa Tree
Club, in St. James’-street, Piccadilly, and on the 8th of December,
1884, they played at cards there the result being that Mr. Alexander won
£1,760 from Mr. Legg, who, as he was losing, said he would only lose
£500, which he was ready at once to pay, provided that any sum exceeding
that amount should be played for on a future evening. They subsequently
played a few games, when Mr. Alexander won an additional £200, and the
defendant paid him £500, the balance standing over. A few weeks
afterwards Mr. Legg, according to his affidavit, heard that Mr.
Alexander had been accused of cheating a Mr. Wyndham of £550 at cards,
at the Road Club, in January, 1885, and on the 18th of February the
defendant wrote a letter to the committee of the Cocoa Tree Club to the
effect that Mr. Harold Alexander had been compelled to resign his
membership of the Road Club, having been detected at cheating at cards,
and that he was prepared to prove this charge. This was the libel
complained of, and for which he was committed for trial, but was allowed
to stand out on his own recognisances of £50. The matter now came before
this court on an application by Mr. Matthews, which was opposed by Mr.
Gill, to expedite the hearing of the rule for the certiorari, in order
that the trial might take place before the prosecutor had to rejoin his
regiment in India. The Court, disapproving of the course taken by the
prosecutor in instituting criminal proceedings in the case of a private
squabble, refused the application with costs.

______________________________

AT the Hull Police-court, on Thursday, a young girl named Isabella
Hewson was charged with the murder of her illegitimate child by hanging
it. On her brother being called she became terribly excited, shrieked
out the name of her child, and went into several fits. She was so
violent that two female warders and several officers had to hold her.
The hearing of the case had to be suspended.

AT the West Bromwich Police-court, on Saturday, John Taylor, of
Handsworth, was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment for embezzling
money belonging to Messrs. Warden and Co., trading as the Phoenix Nut
and Bolt Company, in whose employ he was as assistant warehouseman. The
defence was that prisoner had been in bad company, and had been led away
by betting men.

AT the Guildhall Police-court William Stogman, 12, Windsor-street,
Bishopsgate-street, carman ; George Wood, a bag dealer, who refused his
address; William Green, 23, Zoar-street, Southwark, general dealer; and
Alfred Moon, a labourer, who said he had no fixed residence, were
committed for trial on the charge of being concerned together in
stealing a case from a truck in Wells-street, which contained
seventy-eight fancy waistcoats, the property of Edwin Seamark, 51,
Church-street, Newington, a dealer.

AT the Lambeth Police-court Isabella Gutteridge was charged on remand
with stabbing her husband with a shoemaker’s knife. The case was
reported last week, and it was then shown that the man had received a
stab on the left side, and was under the care of a surgeon.
Police-constable 166 L now stated that the injured man was still unable
to attend, and the surgeon at present was unable to say how soon he
would be able to do so. Mr. Chance said if that were the case the
prisoner must again be remanded.

JOSEPH COLLIER, landlord of the White Hart public-house,
Myddelton-street, Clerkenwell, was summoned, at the Clerkenwell
Police-court, for assaulting Edward Dennis in that house on June 4th.
The complainant stated that he was in the public-house with several
other men, and an altercation arose. The defendant called them “poor
people.” Complainant retorted that it was a lie, and the defendant at
once struck him with his fist. Mr. Barstow asked the complainant what
could be expect if he called a man a liar, and dismissed the case.
