MIDDLESEX SESSION'S.

  PARISH PROSECUTIONS AT THE WEST END. —Jules de Bodt, a Frenchman, was
  indicted for keeping a disorderly house in the parish of St.
  Marylebone. From the statement of Mr. Poland it appeared that for some
  years past the prisoner was the occupier of a house, No. 12,
  Market-place, Oxford-street, on the site of the old Oxford-street
  Market, and complaints were made to the vestry as to the manner in
  which this house was conducted. On the outside of the house was
  written up “Jules de Bodt, cabinetmaker,” and also ‘‘Madame de Bodt,
  French laundry,” and in consequence of the complaints which were made
  as to the conduct of the house an officer of the vestry in October,
  1881, called upon the prisoner and warned him to discontinue the
  practice of what he was then doing, for if it was continued the vestry
  would be forced to take proceedings and put the law in force against
  him. Subsequently, however, renewed complaints were made by the
  inhabitants as to the nuisance they experienced as to what was going
  on at this house, which was frequented by low characters of French
  nationality, who brought men home with them at all hours, and in the
  warm season the inmates of the house ware very indelicately attired,
  and as the windows in the upper part of the house were thrown wide
  open, the inhabitants occupying houses on the opposite side were
  greatly scandalized thereby, and one of them, a professor of music,
  who received pupils, was compelled to keep his blinds down throughout
  the day in consequence of the scenes that were going on, Witnesses
  having been called in support of this statement, the jury found the
  prisoner guilty. The learned judge ordered him to pay a fine of £50,
  and to enter into his own recognisances of £50, and to find two
  sureties of £25 each, or one surety of £50, for his good behaviour for
  twelve months.

  FRAUDS UPON BUILDERS. —Edwin Samuel Boosey, thirty-seven, surveyor,
  was indicted for having obtained by false pretences various sums of
  money from divers persons with intent, in each case, to defraud. From
  the statement of the learned counsel on behalf of the Treasury, it
  appeared that a most extraordinary system of fraud had been practised,
  there being no loss than six prosecutors. One of these was a Mr.
  George Burrows, a builder, residing at Chingford, who saw an
  advertisement asking for tenders for the finishing of four small
  houses on the Chingford Station Estate. Mr. Burrows called at the
  address named, Langham-place, Regent-street, where he saw the
  prisoner, who spoke to him regarding a letter which he had addressed
  to him. The prisoner then said that he would supply plans and
  specifications, but would first require a deposit of two guineas,
  which, in the event of his tender not being accepted, would be
  returned. Mr. Burrows then handed that sum over to the prisoner, who
  gave him the plans and specifications. Mr. Burrows, making sure that
  he would have the completion of the job, went down to look at the
  carcases of the houses, when he found that the plans were extremely
  faulty and erroneous, there being now bow windows in them, and it was
  evident that they had not been prepared from a view of the houses. The
  prosecutor complained of this, but could not get one penny of his
  money back. The other cases were of a similar character. The jury,
  without retiring, returned a verdict of guilty. Detective- sergeant
  Gethen said he knew of twenty-five cases similar to those upon which
  the prisoner had been tried; and, Sessions Warder Humphreys having
  proved a previous conviction on August 12th, 1878, the learned judge
  sentenced the prisoner to five years penal servitude.

  _________________________________________

  ALLEGED ROBBERY WITH VIOLENCE.

  AT the Hammersmith Police-court James M’Carthy, a costermonger, and
  Jacob Hyams, a tailor, were finally examined on the charge of being
  concerned in assaulting Thomas Neesom, a glazier, of Little
  James-street, Bedford-row, and stealing £4 15s. from him while on
  board the Citizen steamboat “I” on the occasion of the Gaiety Rowing
  Club races on the 18th ult., at Chiswick. It was alleged by the
  prosecutor that the prisoner Hyams demanded £2 10s., which he refused
  to pay, as he had not made any bet with him. The prisoner then caught
  hold of his leg while he was on the bridge, and said he would have his
  money. M‘Carthy and other men rushed up and caught hold of him. He got
  away down into the stokehole, but he was followed by the prisoner and
  a number of other men. M'Carthy held him while Hyams rifled his
  pockets. Mr. Paget heard a witness on behalf of McCarthy, and then
  ordered him to be discharged. He committed the other prisoner for
  trial, allowing bail.
