ROBBERY AT A BARONETS.

EDWARD PRING, twenty-seven, carpenter, was brought up on remand at the
Greenwich Police-court, charged with stealing jewellery to the value of
£100, the property of Sir Robert Cunliffe, Bart., M.P., of 37 Lowndes
street, Belgravia. Chief Inspector Phillips said there were a number of
charges against the prisoner, all the robberies alleged being under
similar circumstances. The prisoner was taken into custody, it appeared,
on a charge of stealing a watch, and other articles, value £12, from the
residence of Miss Keene, 8 Belgrave terrace, Lee. The prisoner called at
the house and represented that he had been sent by the landlord to see
to the blinds. He was given access to the bedrooms, and after he had
gone a watch, two rings, and two lockets were missed. His statement of
having been sent to the house was found to be false. The prisoner was
ultimately arrested on this charge, and he was subsequently charged with
the robbery from Sir R. Cunliffe’s upon information given by a young
woman charged before the magistrate with the unlawful possession of a
diamond ring. Robert Wollam, footman to Sir Robert, deposed that on
March 23 the prisoner came to the house and said he had come to measure
the blinds. Witness said new blinds were not required, whereupon
prisoner said he had been sent to put some new springs. He was permitted
to go upstairs, and witness afterwards let him out at the front door.
The house was being painted. Sir Robert Cunliffe was sworn, and said a
quantity of jewellery was missed on the evening of March 23 by Lady
Cunliffe, with whom he had been out during the day. It was taken from
the drawers in her dressing-table. He had since identified a pair of
paste buckles, gold locket, emerald ring, two diamond rings, pair of
crystal studs, Normandy cross, single paste buckle, carbuncle locket,
pair of earrings, and two other rings. Other articles of jewellery and a
purse containing £4 in gold and a £5 note were stolen. Jane Pring,
mother of the prisoner, proved pledging several of the articles at her
son’s request. The prisoner was further remanded for a week.
