THE ALLEGED LOAN OFFICE FRAUDS.

JOHN DAVIES, of Lansdown-place, Brunswick-square, an Ironmonger, George
Denny Ruck, alias Foster, a clerk, of Paradise-street, Lambeth, and John
Jackson, a traveller, of Braden-street, Maida Vale, were charged on
remand at the Marlborough-street Police-court, on Saturday, with
conspiring to obtain various sums of money. Three cases have already
been in vestigated against the accused. Mr. Eugene Pratt, a merchant,
now deposed that in consequence of an advertisement which appeared in a
daily paper in June last, he went to the office of “Foster and Co.,"
Argyll-street. He there saw Rack, and told him that he wanted to borrow
£400, stating that he had goods which were worth about £600. He left the
office, but returned again the same day, when he saw Davies. He was
informed that expenses would be incurred in making inquiries, and was
asked for a guines, which he paid. Subsequently he gave Ruck 10s., on
being informed that "the surveyor" had been unable to see the goods at
the wharf, where they were lying, and that he would have to call there
again to inspect them, which would entail additional expense. No money
was ever advanced to him by the prisoners. Mrs. Mary M'Clintock said
that owing to an advertisement that appeared in one of the papers she
went to the prisoners' offices in Argyll-street, where she saw Ruck, and
told him she wanted to borrow £25. She was asked for a fee of 10s. 6d.
"for inquiries," which she paid, and she also deposited the lease of her
house and gave two references. She called again at the offices on July
3rd, when Davies tried to kiss her, having previously sent Ruck out of
the room on the pretence that he was going to cash a cheque, and that
she would then be paid the money she wanted. When Ruck returned he said
he had been unable to cash the cheque, as Davies had forgotten to sign
it. She then demanded her 100s 6d. back, and told them that the whole
thing was a conspiracy, and that they would hear more of it. Edward
Blair, a grocer, of Croydon, stated that he applied for a loan at the
office in Argyll-street, and paid 10s. 6. as an "inquiry fee."
Eventually he was induced to deposit the lease of his premises with one
of the prisoners on the understanding that he was to get a loan of £30.
He paid Ruck a guinea for the expense of preparing the agreement. He
never received any money from the prisoners. At this stage the accused
were again remanded for a week, ball being refused.
