ATTEMPTED MURDER OF A MERCHANT.

AT the Bow-street Police-court, five men named James Palmer, Samuel
Scandland, Leon Weiner, Adolphe Weiner, and Daniel Jacoby, have been
charged with being concerned with a man (already convicted) named
Dusant, with attempting to murder Jules Tabak, a diamond merchant, and
stealing £2,000 worth of diamonds. Inspector Languish deposed that from
information received he went with other officers and arrested the
accused on the present charge. Mr. Tabak, a diamond merchant of 5
Belgrave-street, Euston-road, deposed that on March 25th, two men came
to his house, and asked him to show them some diamonds. Two parcels were
shown them. While the men were looking at the diamonds the prisoner
Palmer struck witness to heavy blows on the head. He was stunned, the
two men ran away, and stole one hundred and eighty carats of diamonds,
value £1,400. One of the men (Dusant) was arrested, and has since been
convicted and sentenced to penal servitude. He positively identified
Palmer as the other man. Mrs. Tabak was called, and identified Palmer as
one of the men concerned in the robbery. She did not identify him at
first. Eleanor Denunzio, the daughter of the man Dusant, deposed that on
March 25th, the day of the robbery, the prisoner Palmer called on her
and beckoned her to the corner of the street. He asked for her father.
He said, “I struck the old man. He screamed, and his wife came upstairs
and we were obliged to run away. I daresay your father will blame me for
all this, but my brother was outside and did all he could to stop the
servant.” Witness asked if the servant was stopped. Prisoner replied in
the negative. She asked if her father had got away. Prisoner replied,
“No,” and told her she had better pack up her luggage and get away from
the house at once, and leave her luggage in the cloakroom. He said, “You
know where Weiner lives. You must go down to him and tell him to assist
you Witness packed up her luggage and took it to Waterloo Station, and
afterwards went to Adolphs Weiner’s house. She packed the luggage and
sent it to Waterloo Station the same day. She then went to 6, Dyer’s
Buildings and saw Adolphe Weinger. Directly he saw her he said “For
God’s sake go away! I will meet you in Castle-street.” She went there,
where he shortly joined her, and took her to a wine shop in Chancery
lane. Witness said, “You have got my father into this trouble, and I
shall expect you to get him out of it.” He denied at first that he knew
anything about it. She told him that her father had told her about the
affair from the beginning. He said that all he did was to get her father
a situation. She said she know that was false, and that he spent her
father to Mr. Tabak, first he had said he would not assist her at all,
and then he gave her 5s., and said he would give her that every week
until she got employment. He said whatever she did she must not come
near Dyer’s Buildings, because he was watched. The she went to Jacoby’s
house, but he was not at home. She saw him, however, on the following
Friday at his place in the Edgware-road. He said he did not know they
were going to strike him. Witness told him he must take the money for
her father’s maintenance in the House of Detention. He promised to do
so, and met witness the next night in Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell. She
gave him 10s, for her father. On the following Monday she was to meet
the elder Weiner, who promised to give her £2 12s. for the rent then due
by her father. Weiner did not turn up, but subsequently she saw Jacoby,
who gave her £3 to pay the rent. He told her no’s to go to Weiner’s
place at all. He promised to meet her at the Marble Arch the following
Wednesday, but by the advice of Palmer and his wife she did not go. On
March 25th, after seeing Palmer, she went to the house of his
mother-in-law. He came in and sent for his wife. They took witness to
their house, and sent for her luggage from Waterloo. She remained in the
house for nine weeks. Witness knew the whole of the prisoners, who were
in the habit of coming to the house of witness’s father. Three weeks
after Christmas Jacoby called at their house with a bottle of
chloroform. They tried it on the kitten. On a subsequent occasion the
elder Weiner took a rabbit to the house and witness was ordered out of
the room. When she returned the windows were open, and there was a
strong smell of chloroform im the room. She believed they had tried it
on the rabbit. The accused, who protested their innocence, were
remanded.
