THE HIRE SYSTEM.

AT the Shoreditch County Court the case of Dyer and Son v. Mrs. Neal and
Mr. S. Carter has been tried by Judge Prentice. The plaintiffs are
pianoforte manufacturers, of 14 Stoke Newington-road, and they claimed
of Mrs. Neal, who is a laundress, and Mr. Carter, an oilman, the sum of
£23 2s., the value of a piano detained, and £22s, damages for the
defendants having converted the instrument to their own use. Mr. Palmor
appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Davis was counsel for the
defendants. The plaintiffs' case was that in December, 1884, Mrs. Neal
had a piano of them upon the hire system. The cost of the instrument was
£23 2s., and £22s, was paid at once, and the remainder was to be paid at
the rate of £1 1s. a month, the piano to become her property if she paid
all the instalments. After paying three instalments she got into
arrears, but in August last, when £6 6s was due, she paid £8 10s.,
making £13 15s, paid altogether. Soon after that she moved away, and it
was about two months before she was found. It was then discovered that
the defendant Carter, who was her landlord, had taken the piano in pawn
for rent. The sum of £4 10s, was due for rent, and Mrs. Neal under took
to per £46 in six months or forfeit the piano, Cross-examined: The
agreement was read over to Mrs. Neal -fore she signed it. His Honour:
Why did she pay £8 10s, when only £6 6s, was due? The # said it was of
her own free will, His Honour: People do not usually pay more than is
due. In answer to further questions, it was admitted for plaintiffs that
they were told they could hare the piano if they paid £6, the amount of
the indebtedness of Mrs. Neal to Mr. Carter, but they refused to do
that. They were also offered the balance due on the agreement for the
piano, but they refused to accept it. His Honour, in the result, said he
must hold that the agreement was good, but be would assist the
defendants as much as he could. The plaintiffs acted very improperly in
not accepting the balance due under the agreement when it was rendered.
He was very sorry that he must give a verdict in their favour, but he
should only allow 1s damages, £9 7s. the balance of the £23 2s. and £2
9s, 10d. the costs of the court. Had the £9 7s. held paid into court he
would have given judgment for the defendants.
