SERVANTS AND THEIR SWEETHEARTS.

ON Saturday, at the Croydon petty sessions, Percy Davis, alias Gordon, a
clerk, and Robert Everett, alias Davenport (two fashionably-attired
young men, of 47 Auckland-road, Vauxhall), and Elizabeth Williams
described as a general servant, were charged on remand with being
concerned together in stealing from the dwelling-house, 3 Prior-terrace,
St. James’s road, Croydon, since October 1881, two gold chains, two
diamond rings, two cameo brooches, two gold seals, three gold pins, some
silver forks and spoons, and about £20 in silver money, the property of
Mary Ann Cosens, valued altogether at about £50; and Robert Everett,
father of the prisoner of that name, was charged with receiving the
property well knowing it to have been stolen, and he was further charged
with unlawfully pledging the same. The last-named prisoner was for some
years a superintendent in the Dorsetshire constabulary. Mr. Young, who
appeared for the prosecution, said that his client, Mrs. Cosens, was an
invalid lady eighty-two years of age, and quite unable to attend the
court owing to her infirmity. In September last she engaged the female
prisoner as a confidential servant and attendant, and she was the only
person who had access to the jewellery. Short after entering Mrs.
Cosens’ service she formed the acquaintance of the prisoner Davis, and
at the time under the pretence of paying his addresses to the girl, he
gained admission to the house, and there was no doubt that he had made
the place his home. He had evidently slept on the premises, and enticed
the girl to steal her mistress’s jewellery, which he took away and
pledged, and spent the proceeds about the town; Everett shortly
afterwards came upon the scene, and carried out the same kind of
proceeding, Emily Barlow, cook to the prosecutrix, stated that the
prisoners first came to the house in soldiers’ clothes, which they
afterwards exchanged for civilian dresses. They used to get up to
breakfast about half-past eleven o’clock in the morning, and helped
themselves to dinner, the witness cooking the meat purchased out of her
mistress’s money. Davis was apparently courting Williams, and a servant
named Smith, aged twenty-three used to visit the house on two evenings
in the week, and keep company with Everett. During the courtship she
also slept in the house. Witness was not aware of the jewellery having
been stolen. Detective Forster was then called to prove the arrest of
the elder Everett. The accused said: - “My son gave me the things to
pledge, as I was better known, and could get more money. He told me that
the articles had been given to him by a relative.” The case was
adjourned, and the prisoners were removed to the House of Detention.
