COMMUNICATIONS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8th, 1851.
Me EDITOR-Beenth an October sun,"
pe that the friends of Freedom in
heres will help carry them out.
Festerick Douglass Paper shall,
or the 1st of January, 1902 be,
All of this to be paid in by the 1st of De
render any
to this more frequent issue,
read, for your paper, are
We need
Lich to strike, and around
In organ of our
Bust become its badly guard it
Cordained
and astray.
of their obligations. Judging from the past,
as well might we look for rain out of the
to a principle universal in the human mind
the sentiment of religion in every heart,
FREDERICK DOUGLASS' PAPER.
If these doctors of the lower lair find an
alarming increase of infidelity in the land,
they may trace it to its legitimate source-
pro-slavery and lower law divinity. They
may take to themselves the credit and re-
sponsibility of having represented chris-
A distinguished D. D. in Ohio recently at-
tempted to justify slavery by the following
summary process. Whether it exhibited to an
"I be-
Rev. Noah Brooks, endorsed the character
and the abolitionism of Matthews, before a
number of witnesses. He declared brother
a Matthews to be a good abolitionist, and re-
commended him in that connection, to the af-
fectionate regard of the people. He added:
"You don't know where I stand on this mat-
ter." To deny it now, is to contradict tes-
TREASON IN PENNSYLVANIA.
We refer our readers to the Charge of
But we have ta
ORIGIN OF PIN-MONEY-Towards the close
enlightened audience more of a knave or
pair of long ears, is best known to them-
selves, perhaps a little of both.
"What is slaveholding? It is claiming a
each other im in the struggle. The bour has dresses itself to principles far more potent. man's services in return for food, raiment,
one win to be quiet any longer, is to be and equally general, to aggrandize à clique religious instruction and kind treatment, and timony that can be gathered from the lips of nothing of the facts, or the evidence relating he is entitled to defend the same against all ing or embellishment, could convert into a
Weed an organ, not only to
stair loos, but also, to cheer
Wust up and at
thic deconise toe, the coloniza
tea de Las entrenched on near ground,
and too often makes it subservient to his own
base and selfish designs. The other ad-
or party. Between them the cause of re-
ligion, pure and undefiled, and the rights of
man, are lost sight of and trampled under
foot.
no more."
:
For this rea-
We
SENECA COUNTY DEMOCRATIC LEAGUE
CONVENTION.
The press, too, is faithless in the performance cal termination like that of the priest of rescue of Lisle, except that reference was the
THE PENNSYLVANIA RIOT-WAS IT TREASON? of their country and the lives of their coun
of its duty. It is truckling, cowardly, en- Baal, a reformation may come by a peace-expression of an intention to obey the law, I
LETTER FROM DR. JAMES CUNE ITH. thralled. Corrupt to the very core are the ful triumph of truth and right and signalized cannot imagine. And I am sorry to say, that Judge Kane, of Philadelphia, to the Grand Slave Case at Christiana, in Lancaster Counsary, sent among us for purps the most
trymen. They have raised the red flag of Re
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TRIBUNE-The late bellion, and struck down, not a foreign emis
men who wield this stupendous engine of by more penitential tears than drops of your letter leaves me and the public, wholly Jury, relating to the outbreak at Christians. ty, attracts much attention and is the subject infamous, but they are strack down the
-mental power.
They make and unmake the blood.
in the dark, on that point.
From its tone and design, it is manifest to us of many comments in the public papers.
ministers of the law while in the discharge
From all I can gather, this seems to be the that its author is a lineal descendant of that One class of writers assert that this case of their honest, imperative, legal duties
I beg to make to you the following proposals, opinions of the masses; they lead them at will
Great is the responsibility of
state of the case.
Cain who slew his brother Abel at a very involve Treason and Rebellion against the Their hands are red with the blood of Ta
early period of the world-a change in the United States Government; another declares son-yes. TREASON, that most fool and
both pulpit and press, and I would to Heaven
1. Matthews does not deny that the tenor orthography of the name being the only ap- that it is Murder in its most atrocious form damnable of all civil crimes
I could add, nobly do they acquit themselves
of my article is true. He admits that when parent difference. In reading it, it must be while a larger class denounce the affray in
asked, in two different forms, whether he ration, bored, from the exordium to the pero- unmeasured terms, for the purpose of making been successful at Christians and at Nors
But if those conspirators and traitors have
would risk his life in defense of a fellow-man, ration, that Judge Kane who delivered the political capital out of the occurrence. cuse, let them not lay flattering unction
That Two Thousand Dollars shall be clear blue sky, as reform from this quarter. tianity and its Author as unreliable, and as arrested under the fugit ve law, he answered given, solemnly profess to 'hold these truths see men who are intelligent, and good citizens with ev en such a degree of temporary sue-
Charge, and tlie Grand Jury to whom it was It is a lamentable state of things when we to the ir souls," that they will always meet
for that purpose hy subscribers, in the No moral and intelligent mind doubts public unworthy of the reverence and trust of man- No! He admits also, that in the same con- to be SELF-EVIDENT-that all men are in their private relations, ready to cry out cess. We say temporary-for these conspira
opinion would have, long ago, swept slavery kind as the pagan deities of ancient Greece nection, he said to Lisle- the wily Lisle"-created EQUAL; that they are endowed BY against another class of their fellow-citizens tors are not yet done with-they have set
touch $1-$20.00 from the face of our country had the pulpit and Rome, and their lying oracles that were "The law requires me to take you." THEIR CREATOR with certain INALIEN- and denounce them as traitors, murderers to settle their fearful reckoning with the
300,00 and press been loyal to duty-given circula- full of mysteries, duplicity and deceit. They lieve him" as well as you, gentlemen.
ABLE RIGHTS; that, among these are life, and felons, to gratify political ambition.
He
00.00 tion to anti-slavery facts and principles, for may write and preach and frame plausible confirms what has already been said and pub- Further-they proclaim that Resistance to opinion, Judges and Juries, are to be fore here, that these conspirators and treason
outraged laws of their country.
LIBERTY, and the pursuit of happiness." Innocent persons are accused, and public We understand, from their whig organ
10-1000.00 slavery is one of those lying moral monsters, arguments to prove that the bill gives au- lished about him. The worst slave-catcher's tyrants is obedience to God-and in their stalled to make judicial immolations for the plotters, have some smpathizers and accom
0,00 who cannot face the light of truth and live. thority for the damnable iniquities of Amer- commissioner says no more. Matthew's own
own case, would feel themselves justified in purpose of satisfying the demands of a pub plices here, in Western New York-we hear,
Moral cowardice, the stifling of conscientious ican slavery. They thereby win the ap- story, told in the very best manner, by two attempt to reduce them to slavery,
taking the life of any person who should lie frenzy.
occasionally, ominos givings out that if an
renler, 1951, and to be a gift to the semi-conviction, rejecting the plainest deductions plause of men-thieves and unprincipled poli- very able and venerable livines, makes him
This particular outery has had many attempt is made to carry out the law of con
of reason, lest this or that one be offended, ticians, and be rewarded by the honors and appear to be just what my article stated.-particulars of the Christiana affair, the Judge we read that a certain High Priest once asked that law and its ministers will be resisted
Observe how, in pretending to give the periodical spasms in its day. In earlier times gress for the arrest of fugitives from service
lee of the poper not to be raised lest we impair popularity, or dry up the emoluments of office as chaplains in Con- Now Lisle, the veriest liar on the face of the artfully enumerates certain details, so as to the multitude "Why, what harm bath he and foiled, by mob violence. We understand
For at but be placed at a sources of our living, has entailed untold gress, in the army and navy, and fat salaries earth, Matthew's own testimony as taken and appress the real facts in the case, and put done? But they cried out more and more, that there is a probability that the
bak powing year, say 2,50 or misery on mankind. It is a most lamentable in the churches of commerce. But to the published by yourselves, shows the latter to horse-It is said that a citizen of Maryland, feeling is now rampant in certain high quar
darknesss for light-the saddle on the wrong Crucify him! Crucify him!" This same of the law and the loyalty of the pat
Motif exertions be and mortifying fact, that the moral power of view of honest and manly lovers of truth and be a traitor to humanity
who had come into Pennsylvania to reclaim a
our own city, may soon have an occasion
ader of advertise the church and press is too feeble to resist right, their labors amount to this: that
ters in regard to the colored people, who debe tested on this point
2. That Matthews did say what is alleged fugitive from labor, was forcibly obstructed fended themselves and their firesides at fears of the results-we are a law abiding
worldly influences. The manifold evils which either the bible is false and not of divine against him, is susceptible of such proof as assaulted, beaten and murdered-&c. What attacks of an armed party of negro hunters with the peculiar ideas of all our s
in the attempt by a body of armed men.- Christiana, against the lawless assaults and people, and whether all of our laws an
torment society are owing to their inactivity emanation, or that they are arrant knaves would be required by any fair tribunal to es- if the truth had been explicitly stated from the State of Maryland.
be made to engage and indifference in the cause of reform.-hypocrites and impostors. We need no tablish any fact. G. B. Vashon, Esq., is the Would not this have been the substance of
not-the great mass will stand by the Sprent
thes of Samuel R. First and foremost on the shoulders of those Doctors of Divinity to teach us the plain and only person whom I have seen, who did not the narration It is said that a man-stealer, the Commonwealth, what judicial infatuation hazards.
We have seen, in the case of Prigg against sev of the Laws, at all events, and at all
am Eliori da Semi who profess to be called by the spirit of God simple language of the Great Master of chris- when present at the public meeting where named Gorsuch, accompanied by his son and will do, and how much crime it will tolerate ample justice would be done to the claims of
And while we believe the most
refund be to minister at His altar, who have voluntarily tianity on this subject, nor do we thank them Matthews expressed his sentiments, hear him vania, and, lawlessly breaking into a private two free-born children, in the State of Penn- midst, and every opportunity offeral and al
sundry abettors, recently came into Pennsyl- for political affect. That was a case where any fugitive who might be found in our
consecrated their lives to the preaching of His for their attempts to raise a fog and mistify say what is alleged against him. You are dwelling, under cover of darkness, attempted, sylvania, were kidnapped in the night-time, lowed for the assertion of all his legal rights
word, rests mainly the responsibility, and of by their elaborate nonsense about com-
very much mistaken in saying that the whole by stealth and violence, (being armed with and taken from their father's house by an
them be assured the God of justice and of plicated relations and inscrutable provi- crime of the affair consists in the misrepre- pistols and other deadly weapons,) to seize armed mob surrounding it. The two children tion and hearing, it shall be tound near
yes, if after a just and impartial exam
the slave will one day exact a strict account dences, that slavery is God's ordinance for sentation of Lisle, and the coloring given to that dwelling; that he was implored not to and sold into perpetual slavery. Yet we find up, he will be delivered un-the law will he
and make slaves of some of the occupants of were carried away into the State of Maryland for the ministers of the law to deliver Jun
of their stewardship. Few have an idea of his own glory, "is marvellous in our eyes!"
it in my editorial.
the immense influence of pulpit and press in
persist in this nefarious design, but to leave that a majority of the Judges of the Supreme fairly, fully, and righteously carried out
them unmolested; that he was repeatedly Court of the United States adjudged and the threats of conspirators to the contrac
moulding the minds of the people, in shape-
warned, that it would be a struggle of li pronounced this act to be lawful.
notwithstanding-Roch. Advertiser, Th
ing the destinies of nations. The one appeals
erty or death, and either he or they must Just so with the present case. We have day Oct. 9th, 1851.
supplications and solemn warnings, he rushed to be judicially sacrificed on the trials of
perish; that, notwithstanding these touching very strong fears that innocent persons are
upon them to consummate his hellish purpose, these cases to appease political clamors. We of the fifteenth century, an epoch that muk
when, in the conflict of arms which ensued, hope better things, but our hopes may be a transition style in the dress of ladies, D
he was shot dead, and his son was dangerous disappointed.
ly wounded-&c., &c.
In a work of very high authority we read years gifts. They displaced the old wooden
were looked upon with great favor as new
Personally, Judge Kane professes to 'know that every man's house is his castle that skewer, which no effort of skill, no burnish
persons sufficiently respectable and veracious to them." But did he not know the real unlawful intruders.-3 Blackstone Com. Psightly appendage Pins, in that simple age
Ah! doctor of dishonesty, the boys in your to establish any fact in a court of justice.
merits of the case, as pertaining to the right 223.
streets read better divinity than that in old
Before passing to another branch of this of all men to liberty Could he not just as
"That in civil society the laws come into the gift was frequently compounded for in
of the world, were luxuries of high price, and
spelling-books and almanacs. I would ask subject, allow me to advert to a passage or two assailed, as he has done for the brutal assail- sides that, they leave him this natural right sary to the wants of ladies of quality, that
easily have stated it as plausibly for the the assistance of the weaker party, and be money-an allowance that became so nes
The combined power of the press and this miserable spawn of pro-slavery divinity which I cannot reconcile. In the third para ant? Does he deny that they who refused to of killing the aggressor if he can; they also it resolved itself at least into a regular st
clergy could in twelve months rectify public where is your authority for compelling your graph of your letter, you say that Matthews be enslaved by the Maryland slave-hunter protect and avenge him in case the might of pend, very properly called "pin money
over the advent to their ranks of opinion, and banish slavery from our country. brother man to wear his life out in your ser- denies that he ever entertained any such views were justified in defending themselves to the the assailant is too powerful. That the law still keep up the term, although, now that
o! that they would bring about a consum-vice on such terms? Show us the contract.as you attributed to him, or ever made any Hampden, and Warren, deserve to be held regar to the immunity of a man's house that thing or anything except that winch it or
last extremity, if the memories of Tell, and of England has so particular and tender a pins are as cheap as dust, it means every
mation so devoutly wished; that all men How much did he agree to allow you for such expression.
would act from the kindlier, holier instincts, your precious "religious instruction," and "Matthews says he was asked by the wily ranny unto blood? Is it treasonable to re-
In the fifth paragraph, in honorable remembrance for resisting ty- it styles it his castle and will never suffer it nally implied.-Independent
to be violated with impunity.
instead of the selfish, carnal, beastly, devilish what his stipulated wages? and did he con- Lisle if he would not sacrifice his life in res- fuse to be yoked with the brute, and registered son no outward doors can be broken open to
propensities of their nature. What a happy sent that you own and use him as a horse. cuing a fugitive slave from his capturers, and strike down the arm that would annihilate
as a chattel personal? Are they traitors who execute any cicil process.
people, what a glorious nation would this and steal and sell his children for money to he said No! Lisle then asked if he, Lisle all their rights? Then, flourish treason for- cates of the Fugitive Slave law, that is a civil
Now we are constantly told by the advo-
then be!
clothe and educate your own children? Thou were taken, if he would not sacrfice his life in ever! Then Washington, and Hancock, and process which the Marshal or officer executes
art a covetous and sordid robber and oppress- rescuing him.
or on thy own testimony, and worthy the him to help take him." To reconcile the at and oppression better than freedom, and perty, and therefore the Act of Congress on Seneca Falls, on Friday, Oct. 24th, 1851, at
He said No: the law required Adams, were traitors, who deserve to be when he arrests the accused, and that the of the county of Seneca, are invited to meet
hanged! Then falsehood is better than truth, whole proceeding is one in relation to pro- in Convention, at the Wesleyan Chapel,
scorn and contempt of all honest men. least apparent contradict.ons of these two Belial more deserving of homage than Christ! this subject must not be treated as a criminal 2 o'clock, P. M. for the purpose of organi
Alas for such Doctors of Divinity, and a sentences, is beyond my humble power.
Judge Kane affects as much impartiality statute, but must be regarded as not coming zing the county, and nominating candidates
few other cotton divines and commercial di- Should I dismiss all other evidence of as did Judge Jeffreys, at the trial of Algernon within that clause or prohibition of the Con for the ensuing election, for county othe
vinities farther North. -0 my soul, unto Matthew's guilt in this matter, than what your the great interests of public justice, no less pass ex post facto laws.
Sydney for treason. It is due,' he says, to stitution wherein Congress are forbidden to We invite all those who have lost confidence
their assembly, mine honor, be not thou letter furnishes, I should feel constrained to than to the parties implicated in a criminal the Fugitive Slave law we have no doubt is cor- parties to meet with us.
This construction of in the honesty of the Whig and Democratic
draw a conclusion directly opposite to yours. charge, that their cause shall be in no wise reet. Besides all this, the fourth amendment pathize with the enslaved and on troben
All those who-vin-
The conference and superintendent of the and in no degree pre-judged. So the infa- of the Constitution of the United States pro- of our country: all those who are opposed to
We should like to hear from R. S. often. Zion's Church, I mean not to treat ruth- mous Jeffreys, while thirsting for the blood vides in express terms
the fugitive slave law, and other slave laws
Ile wields a sharp stick.-ED.
of the immortal Sydney, could say, 'We are
lessly. All I desired, vas to arouse them to bound by our consciences and our oath to in their persons, houses, papers and effects free women, free land and free trule all
"That the right of the people to be secure all those who are in favor of free men and
TO REV. SAMUEL E. CORNISH, AND REV. to what sort of men they send out to preach upon earth, we are accountable to the judge shall not be violated, and no warrants shall traffic of intoxicating drinks by the fore
a sense of their obligation to be watchful, as see right done you; and though we are judges against unreasonable searches and seizures those who are in favor of putting down the
RICHARD ROBINSON.
to our poor oppressed people. I desire that of heaven and earth (!!) It is far from the issue but upon probable cause, supported by law in short, all those who are in favor of
thoughts of the king, or from the thoughts or oath or affirmation, and particularly describ having the government of our country almin
they should denounce such conduct, when desire of any of his judges here, to be instru- ing the place to be searched or things to be istered strictly on the principle of eight, are
cordially invited to meet and deliberate with
recurrence of it. What I said of them, was by law his life ought not to be taken away; Testing the late homicide case at Christi- us in Convention. Come one, come all, malo
hypothetical. I did not assume that they for I had rather many guilty men should es- ana by the rights guarantied to the peopl by and female.
would send out such men, knowing them to cape, than one innocent man suffer!! His- the Constitution of the United States, we find
tory has pronounced him a blood-thirsty, that the colored people were assailed, con-
But I fear that the evidence you hypocritical vil ain. In what light it will trary to law, by a band of armed men, who
The intelligence of Judge K. is to be im- searched, who had no authority to assail and
your Frederick Douglass-sustain his
and of the non-endorsement of Mr. Brooks,
the deference due to you, each and severally, will be and is far from being satisfactory to a dicate treason on an act which was purely house, in the peaceable occupation of its
peached as much as his humanity. To pre- break open houses; that a private dwelling-
though all others perish in the place!
both on account of your venerable years, discriminating public. But anything in my
I had almost said I have but one wish on your high standing, and your christian integ- article savoring of the least injustice, though as well as moral distinctions. By the Consti- without any authority whatever so to do, and
one of self-defense, is to confound all legal owner, was broken into by an armed mob
earth-a desire to live to witness the downfall rity, even if I were (as I am not) forgetful of certainly not designed, shall be publicly with- tution treason against the United States without a warrant describing any place to be
of African Slavery. My feelings on this sub- the obligations I owe you, for instructions
consists in levying war against them, or in searched; that the assailants first drew their
abouts, it would dead is increase your cir-jeet are intense, my convictions of its enor-given me in my earlier days.
adhering to their enemies, giving them aid deadly weapons, fired their pistols upon the
Most grateful am I to you, gentlemen, for and comfort. To resist an officer is not levy- inhabitants and inmates of the house where
mity cannot be expressed. In my own per- It is your pleasure to address me a letter
Well all busted meeting in son I know what it is to suffer, and can feel concerning my strictures upon Rev. E. Mat. the expressions of kindness towards me per- ing war; to kill one who is approaching you the colored people were found, and after Liberty Party will take place at the Amer
sonally. I thank you, too, for your deep with deadly weapons, in a murderous spirit. creating a riot and affray on their part, the
Hhh burchase pacat night, to raise for others. Nothing gives me such anguish thews, and Rev. N. Brooks.
concern in behalf of my paper. I hope to is not treason; to oppose a particular enact-claimant of the slave and his son were shot by
mones to school the Christian Patriots, and of soul, as the almost universal indifference less agree with me, that if what is alleged merit your kind regards, by the maintenancement is not to plot the overthrow of the gov- the inmates of the house in self-defense.
ernment. By the Constitution of Maryland We ask any sober-minded man whether
of a fearless exposition of the truth, and as the very State from which Gorsuch came this homicide is treason against the laws of
fearless a denunciation of wrong, when on his mission of villany-it is expressly de- the United States? Is it Murder? Is it an
go forth to his rescue. Say what we may
the continuance of this evil among us is one
RESISTANCE AGAINST ARBITRARY
as when committed by any other race.
POWER AND OPPRESSION IS ABSURD.
of those unerring tests that demonstrate the
Have you the patierce to read a sentence SLAVISH, AND DESTRUCTIVE OF THE
low state of morals and religion in the land;
now? I am sorry that Messrs. Matthews, GOOD AND HAPPINESS OF MANKIND.
and but for the plenitude of Gods mercy, as
repent of it, like men and christians. I do made by the gallant blacks at Christiana.
would have, long since, shared Sodom's fate men and laymen. I understand you as
The spirit by which they were actuated was
reproving me, simply for hastily saying what not expect perfection of them, any more than not one of hostility to the United States; it
But I do expect that was neither disorderly nor vindictive; it did
seemed to me, upon the testimony given me, when men do as these gentlemen have done not seek a disturbance of the peace; it court-
to be true, when in fact it was not true. that they will adopt the better way of repent- ed no conflict with the government; it desired
No other issue, certainly, can be made than ance. Justification, in such circumstances, is nothing but peace and concord; it acted in that I gave any sanction to the late violence
The only question is, or can be, did not the appropriate way of making amends did mind doubts this; even the blindest must any man, but it is no more than might be
self-defense, for self-preservation. No can- in Lancaster County-I regret it as much as
Matthews say what was attributed to him in
FRIEND DOUGLASS-The above phrase, in the Citizen! What allusions are made to Mr. the entire "crime" upon the "wily Lisle, the charge of treason, to put them on trial as
to a wronged, and betrayed cause. To throw apprehend it. To arrest them, therefore, on expected from men who set a just estimate
on Liberty and who have no scruples in re-
a religious sense, and in reference to slave- Brooks, Bishop Rust, and the conference, or and the severe Ward, is not the proper method traitors, is an insult to the common intelli- lation to War.
ISAAC T. HOPPER
holding church members, formerly appeared incidental to, and dependent upon the point. of atoning for this abominable ideas finding ble as to call for the execrations of an
NEW YORK, 9th Mo. 29th, 1851.
home or read over to me as an anomaly, if not solecism in lan- I am happy to know from your own state-
guage. But since the late developments of ment, gentlemen, that the spirit of my infor- words from the lips of Matthews. My most astonished world on all those who partici-
Cain! Cain! where is thy
THE MOBOCRACY-WHO ARE THEY?
the dark and Northern servility and the acquiescence of mation was correct. I mean, I am happy, not earnest hope is, that neither of the gentle-pate in it.
in the great southern char certain church dignitaries in the pro-sla- to have been found a falsifier of Mr. Mat- men in question, will suffer themselves to be
Every man's house is his castle, and he is tionist and British Spy, George Thompson,
Last winter, when the fillibustering aboli-
Heatedly, as I very religion of the South, the phrase sounds thews. Not that I am happy to know that suspected of any such fault hereafter.
entitled to defend the same against all un- left the dirty purlieus of the Tower Hamlets.
This has been a most painful business, lawful intruders.-Thus, 4 Blackstone Com. and his Costermonger constituency, and came
throughout. No man can feel it so, more p. 223:
pective has led to desert
Framing a monthly
at Webington, they now pour out
these stilled venom and cant third a weekly
(rate am we, if our organ do
pat on another bars and fire two rounds
all the while looking forward
We
dad by this on frequent issue.
all bear from you more frequently. We
want more of you, and want all your time
I have learned with surprise and regret
be the early day when we shall have a six that several of your subscribers have fallen
off, because you have changed your views of
the Constitution. Such a course on their
part is, it seems to me, inconsistent with the
genuine principles of reform, which leave all
free to act according to the "light within."
To punish a man even negatively for his united."
opinions is preposterous and wrong, especially
if he has used his best endeavors to form an
honest judgment upon the subject. To re-
quire him to act contrary to his convictions,
would be to demand that he play the hyp-
to be voted to your columns. I perceive
you growing stronger, and believe that to be
as you, which, if rightly got out, will mainly
and as through, and guide us past our present
living embodiment of all the
ophy of our side, we must hold you up
and keep up on the gaze of men-ocrite.
Wed to have more put on record.
I will try to send you some names in the
that flow from the of noble Samuel place of those who have withdrawn their
Yours, &c.,
R. S.
BELOVED BRETHREN: -Anything from the
Wa Wast phe ban in a position support from your valuable paper. I was pen of either of you, is entitled to, and shall they know it, and do all they can to prevent mental to take away the life of any man that seized."
a
What
you
where be an ink and write more for the likewise sorry to hear your subscription is so
receive my profound respect.
With such bin, we are well presmall in Rochester. That city should give write in behalf of the colored clergymen of
paofession and all you at least two thousand subscribers. Wake New York City, has, if possible, additional
All that shall flow from my
up, ye men and women, ye advocates of the weight with me.
tive canvasey, to solicit alvertisements for
the Set weekly issue it would doubtless
And if venoid secure a New York
ber your paper with something from here-
be such.
slave in Rochester! Come to the rescue of pen on the present occasion, shall savor of furnish, of the innoce of Mr. Matthews, represent Judge Kane, time must determine. had no warrant deseribing the place to be
paper,
You will doubt-
oured best Wolnesday wlan old of my countrymen to the grievous wrongs of
Rev.
concerning the gentlemen in question be true,
they deserve the same treatment at the
De Peston, WDL P Towell the face-
ET Dowsing, with Rev. C. B.
wanng the lower tens
JAMES MCINE SMITH
ETTER FROM JOS G. PICKERING
narrative the third
Brence of Slavery.
statements true,
drawn.
the slave, and the tardiness with which they hands of editors, as any other men, of what- committed by one of our own numbers, clared that THE DOCTRINE OF NON- offense partaking of Felony? Certainly not.
ever professions, and of whatever color.
You certainly cannot mean that the action at-
tributed to these gentlemen were any more
innocent, because of their being colored men,
The whole aspect of this case, on the facts
made out by the story and conduct of the
assailants, presents a very different state of
things from that of Treason against the laws
committed by the colored people who were
assailed while peaceably assembled in their
dwelling-houses, the advocates of the Slave
powers and of the Fugitive Slave laws to the
contrary notwithstanding,
The friends of righteous civil government,
DARIES SKIDMORE,
JOSHUA MARTIN
JOHN LITTLE,
WM. LEWIS,
ORIS COLE,
DAVID McCoy,
JOSEPH PORTER,
WILLIAM DAY,
N. E. H
JOEL BONKR
JOSEPH MEDCALF,
WM. C. TAYLOR,
THOMAS JAMES, B. F. CORD,
CORNELIUS Hoon.
SENECA FALLS, Oct, 3d, 1851
NOTICE
Is hereby given that a meeting of the
can in Lockport, on the 25th of Oct., at 11
o'clock, to make nominations and transact
all other business necessary
JOHN JOHNSTON,
GUY M. SALSBURY,
JOHN SYBRANT,
JOHN POWLEY,
NEW FARE, Oct. 11, 1851.
LES PEATT
CHARLES ALMOND
JOHN ALIY
Wa. H. Cab
RECEIPTS
we most richly deserve it, this guilty nation and clergymen, than had they been white and Brooks did not confess their wrong and Here is a full justification of the resistance of the United States, Murder or Felony For FREDERICK DOUGLASS PAPEE, from
-been sent to annihilation.
Yours, till death, for the Slave.
JOS. G. PICKERING.
"OUR BRETHREN OF THE SOUTH."
this.
and appears natural and appropriate. The Mr. Matthews did say as alleged. Your
churches of commerce of the North with their statement makes Mr. Matthews to say he
Doctors of Divinity" and other leading would not risk his life in disobedience to the
officials, who oppose all attempts to reform fugitive slave law. That statement makes
you expect it of me.
than I do.
gence of our race, and a procedure so damna-
brother?
I would by no means have it understood
In civil society, the laws come in to the over to his country to teach the natives phil-
I have purposely refused the issue tended assistance of the weaker party, and besides anthrophy and the principles of liberty and
that, they leave him his natural right of good Government, by assailing our institu-
the churches by condemning and eradicating him say also, that the law demands so and me, as betwixt the veracity of Lisle and Mat- killing the aggressor if he can; they also tions, slandering our rulers, blackguarding
thews I chose to discuss the matter on other protect and avenge him, in case the might
our clergy and our religious institutions,
slavery from their respective organizations, so of him. And for aught that appears, Mr. grounds, as I introduced it, originally, upon of the assailant is too powerful. The law and stirring up the depraved and fanatical to
have given to the world ample proofs of a Matthews here expresses his willingness to
the truth of Harriet settled determination to cling to their "South- obey this abominable law. I have too much
other testimony than Lisle's.
I am gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
SAMUEL R. WARD.
EMIGRATION OF FREE COLORED CITIZENS.-
chattel
erator.
to the 16th of October
Geo, T. Downing
James S. Dawes
Samuel L. Taleot
Wm. Gibson
James McKissock
P. A. Rhodes
J. K. Richards
Green & Warren
Harver Waterbury
Mrs. Nathaniel B. Spooner
Sarah D. Holmes
M. W. Siff
M. W. Skiff
Rev. Z. Smith
C. J. Hatch
1. Thompson
L. Root
S. S. Seeley
C. A. Willsey
Daniel Searls
Daniel Searls
Dr. Sill
John Paul
Marcellus Palmer
Truman Hall
Robert Pike
Rev. Lyndon King
Kingsley Stevens
O. M. Stevens
Wm. rink
Ellis Chizbe
E. D. Desper
Alfred Bailey
Edward S. Sraith
H. K. Edwards
Russel Hall
Alfred Font
Enos Alien
A. & H. Keller
Alexander Marsoley
Mrs. Harriet Duns
Ezra Sumas
Still & Freeman
Joseph Renigun
J. K. Solomon
Col. Sleeper
Suliman Spooner
8. Goolab
Robert Hume
Ben A. Stevens
Lyman Butt
Janes Benton
Jane A. Bur
W. Mitesell
Prof. Buckley
P. Bowen
Olinda Boles
Jun J. Randall
E. T. Brewer
Jabez t
Ozro T
E. Lamfer
Heary Baster
deantagh)
a violent resistance to our laws, and treason-
of England has so particular and tender a
regard to the immunity of a man's house, tutions-when this wandering vagrant and
ably plotting the overthrow of our civil insti-
em brethren," and claim that slavery is not reason to fear from your own statement, that
that it styles it his castle, and will never heartless demogogue was making his slimy
A sinful, and that slaveholding brethren are as Mr. Lisle drew from Matthews nothing more
suffer it to be violated with impunity. For trail towards the city of Rochester and
this reason, no outward doors can be broken through Western New York, we held him up
into con good christians as themselves. I have no or less than his own sentiments.
open to execute any civil process."
The doubt of it.
I believe them. Truly, the man But, gentlemen, very far is it from me to
to the scorn and contempt of our country-
As no fugitive slave is arrested on a erimi-
beautiful-wholly who approves and justifies man-stealing, publish a statement so grave, in language so
with robbery and oppression, is, at heart, no better strong as mine, without some justly good au- York city was held on Thursday evening, for of the house so ruthlessly invaded by Gor- who has the love his country at heart, and
A meeting of the Colored People of New nal but a civil process-not as a felon but a men, and cautioned the unwary to avoid him
personal-it follows that the inmates which was no more than any honest citizen,
as they would the pestilence. For doing this,
yd has no than a thief, robber and oppressor. Hence thority. I, therefore, inquired before I the purpose of hearing the report of a com-
rites it is very proper that they speak of those wrote. I went to a public meeting, and asked mittee, appointed at a previous meeting, to such and his ruffian associates were legally who feels tenacious of its honor, is bound to
take into consideration the condition of the justified in making deadly resistance-Lib- do, we were recklessly and bitterly assailed
slave-mongers of every grade as "our South- publicly, whether the statements made to me free colored race in the United States, and
by the abolition factionists and factious abo-
Abundan of such ern brethren," and good enough to preach in were true. At that public meeting, were report a plan of amelioration. A report was
lition whig presses, and charged with the
Behold very Northern pulpits and sit with them in com- Peter Hollenbeck, George Carter, James Ba- presented in favor of emigration. There was LIBERTY FOR SLAVEHOLDERS.-Mr. John design to raise a mob to put down the British
set at all as under munion at the sacramental board. Now I ker, Thomas Leonard, Mr. Jackson, and sev-discussion which resulted in the adoption of Cornutt, a citizen of Grayson County, Va., a Emissary by brute force. Our readers may
the following resolutions:
Virginian and Slaveholder, had somehow recollect how awful these mock philanthro
like these out-spoken demonstrations. Let eral others, whose names do not now occur to
Resolved, That whereas we, the free color- imbibed the" fanatical" notion, that it is pists affected to be shocked at the idea of
them advertise the world of their settled me. In the presence of some twenty per- ed people of the city of New York and the wrong to hold human beings as chattlels, to using mob law to put down even a med
the mod evils position. Now, we know where to find them sons, I should judge, the statements which I several States throughout the Union, have, deny them any education, to force them to dling foreign Emissary-these patent saints
trebetoned and fix a proper estimate of their character published, were given to me as correct, the for a long series of years, suffered from un- work all their lives for a rude subsistence, to were shocked at the idea that the law and
have y Lulet to and labors as expositors of pro-slavery the friends of Mr. Matthews denying not one syl- brethren in this and the several States, aris- away from husbands and children from for the purpose of driving out of our midst,
just and cruel prejudice from our white flog them when they are slow, to sell wives order of our quit city were to be disturbed,
bononable ology and commercial religion.
lable of it. In private circles, the friends of ing from difference of complexion and the mothers, and to kill any who dare resist the by force, a wretch who was plotting the sub-
The Doctors of this spurious religion ap- Mr. Matthews, among whom was Mr. Francis degradation to which they have so wrong-master's will. In short, Mr. Cornutt, though version of our Liberties, and stirring up the
te preach un pear to be no less true and faithful to com- Key, did not deny that Matthews said what fully consigned us; and having every reason surrounded from birth with all the blessings ignorant and thoughtless to mutiny and re-
How prompt they have was attributed to him, but charged Lisle with receive, that our condition in this country is such a "fanatic" that he could not perceive
to believe from the present treatment we of the "patriarchal institution," had become bellion
stance, mercial politics.
as been to re-echo the lower law doctrine of the drawing him out, so as to make him commit daily becoming more and more critical, our them-a blindness which impels us to appre- and groundless were these charges against
***ister of politicians that there is no higher authority himself unhappily.
presence more irksome and offensive to the hend that he has not been a regular reader us of attempting to excite our people to any
in political matters than the constitution, and I cannot conclude, therefore, otherwise whites, we do, after due consideration, deem of "The New York Express for the Union." overt act of violence-that we deprecated
The against Gol and that the enactments of a pro-slavery Con- than that Matthews did say what was being, that some immediate and decisive his farm, a mob surrounds him, and demands warned the honest, well-meaning, yet impul
it indispensably necessary to our future well Whereupon, while he is quietly at work on all resort to illegal force or mob violence, and
twinnediately gress, though revolting to the moral senti- charged upon him, and that the especial action on our part be suggested, and wisely that he shall "renounce his Abolition senti- sive spirits, who could scarcely resirain their
ment of earth and heaven, are paramount to pleading made by himself, and for him, by entered into. In consideration of the above ments." He cannot do it-he might as well indignation, to beware and not place these
bow and far between the mandates of Jehovah. Their sermons my fathers in the gospel, Samuel E. Cornish, grievances, we do hereby
renounce the sun's shining. So they pro- conspirators in the attitude of persecuted
ne in sin if this and speeches have been published and sent and Richard Robinson, leave him just where the propagation and encouragement of Afri- him until he is frightened and tortured into better counsels prevailed-our staid, reputa
Resolve, That we form an association for ceed to strip him, tie him to a tree and whip martyrs, even to a bad cause. And these
had followed in the footsteps of by thousands under the Frank of members my article left him. The wily Lisle," is a can colonization, and that said association be asssenting to anything they exact, even to ble citizens suffered these insane railers
third nothing back of Congress all over the South and read and poor excuse for a man's declaring himself known as the United African Republic Emi- his own exile from the State. "And the against our country and our laws to rail on
We crime commended with high approbation by "our ready and willing to help replunge his fellow gration Society, and the standard on which Committee is off in pursuit of others." unmolested, and to depart with naught save
but fearlessly proclaimed to brethren of the South. "The contest now into slavery. But as said above, Matthews we hoist our ensign is the tree of liberty, Such is the liberty enjoyed by citizens and the contempt of all honest men to stamp
And
Park, Sound of God The waging, of the lower against the higher law, confesses to you, gentlemen, that he acknowl- and our motto-Equal, civil and religious slaveholders in democratic Virginia, which their infamous conduct as it deserved.
cherishes so profound a horror of the Alien till we were assailed by these vindictive
should be told, the clergy are is obviously the great question of the day, edged the demands of the fugitive slave law Resolved, That the duty of this society and Sedition laws. We make a great ado saints, as having been guilty of the foul de
set of moral in church and the state, and involves the same upon him. In what purpose, or with what in- shall be, to devise and forward all plans or (unreasonably) about Italian despotism, but sign of stirring up the public to mob violence
breathe current-to principle as that between the powers that tent, he should refer to the demands of that means that shall tend to the benefit and im- wherein is it more atrocious than this?-N The scenes have changed-and those who
add lose their livings be" under Ahab and Jezebel, and the higher abominable law, in immediate connection portance of the object for which this asso- Y. Tribune.
affected to be so shocked at the idea of mob
cia ion is formed-the increase of emigration
they are at always seen floating lane, as administered by the Prophet Elijah. with his giving No!' as answer to the ques- and the speedy building up of the African
law, have now thrown off all disguise, and (post-paid to FREDERICK DOLA
A lady has recently been made a revealed themselves in their true light as N. Y
La popular de
Let us pray and hope that instead of a tragi- tion whether he would risk his life in the Republic.-Roch. Democrat.
pember of the Legion of Honor in France. mobocrats, and conspirators against the lawn WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER,
rights to every man.
Our readers will also recollect how false
Be
Fukin
Alfred Bennet
D. B. Matson
Maxson Still
Thomas J. Coaklin
R. W. Bunick
Arthur Erwin
Wm. Hydo
Hamore Hydo
W, Gear
FREDERICK DOUGLASS PAPER
PUBLISHED AT 25 BUFFALO STREET, POTE THE
ARCADE) BY FREDERICK DOGS
TERMS:
TWO DOLLARS PER ANNUM, invariably
in advance.
ADVERTISEMENTS, not exceeding ten lice
inserted three times for osE DOLLAR every
quent insertion, TWENTY-FIVE CENTS Liberal re
fuctions made on yearly advertisements,
ALL COMMUNICATIONS, whether
of the paper, or for publication, should be addressed
Sexter
