Poetry.
DEMOCRACY.
BY JOHN G. WHITTIER.
"All things whatsoever ye would that men should
do unto you, do ye even so untothem.-MATT.vii. 12.
Oh! fairest born of Love and Light,
Yet bending brow and eye severe
On all which pains the holy sight,
Or wounds the perfect ear!
Beautiful yet thy temples rise,
Though there profaning gifts are throw b.
And fires enkindled to the skies,
Are glaring on thy altar-stone.
Still sacred--though thy name be breathed
By those whose hearts thy truth deride;
And garlands plucked from thee are wreathed
Around the haughty brow of Pride.
Oh! idol of my boyhood's time,
The faith in which my father stood,
E'en when the suns of Lust and crime
Had stained thy peaceful courts with blood.
Still to those courts my footsteps turn,
For through the mists that darken there,
I see the flames of Freedom burn,
The Kebla of the patriot's prayer.
The generous feeling, pure and warm,
Which owns the right of all divine,
The pitying heart- the helping arm-
The prompt self-sacrifice are thine.
Beneath thy broad, impartial eye,
How fade the lines of taste and birth!
How equal in their sufferings lie
The groaning multitudes of earth!
Still to a stricken brother true,
Whatever clime hath nurtured him,
As stooped to heal the wounded Jew
The worshipper of Gerizim.
By misery uniepelled, unawed
By pomp or power, thou seest a MAN
In prince or peasant-slave or lord-
Pale priest or swarthy artisan.
Through all disguise, form, place, or name,
Beneath the flaunting robes of sin,
Through poverty and squalid shame,
Thou lookest on the man within;
On man, as man, retaining yet,
Howe'er deb ised, and soiled, and dim,
The crown upon his forehead set-
The immortal gift of God to him.
And there is reverence in thy look;
For that frail form which mortals wear
The spirit of the Holiest took,
And veiled his perfect brightness there.
Not from the poor and shallow fount
Of vain philosophy thou art;
He who of old on Syria's mount
Thrilled, warmed by turns the listener's heart.
In holy words which cannot die,
In thoughts which angels yearned to know,
Proclaimed thy message from on high,
Thy mission to a world of woe.
That voice's echo hath not died!
From the blue sea of Galilee,
And Tabor's lonely mountain side,
It calls a struggling world to thee.
Thy name and watchword o'er this land
I hear in every breeze that stirs;
And round a thousand altars etand
Thy banded party worshippers.
Not to these altars of a day,
At party's call my gift I bring;
But on my olden shrine I lay
A freeman's dearest offering!
The voiceless utterance of his will-
His pledge to Freedom and to Truth,
That manhood's heart remembers still
The homage of its generous youth.
CONSTANCY.
BY GEORGE HERBERT.
Who is the honest man?
He that doth still and strongly good pursue-
To God, his neighbor, and himself most true;
Wnom neither force nor fawning can
Unpin, or wrench from giving all their due:
Whose honesty is not
So loose or easy that a ruffing wind
Can blow away, or glittering look it blind;
Who rides his sure and even trot,
While the world now rides by, now lags behind;
Who, when great trials come,
Nor seeks, nor shuns them, but doth calmly stay
Till he the thing and the example weigh;
All being brought into a sum,
What place or person calls for he doth pay:
Whom none can work or woo
To use in anything a trick or sleight,
For, above all things, he abhors deceit,
Ilis words, and works, and fashion too,
All of a piece, and all are clear and straight:
Who never melts or thaws
Selections.
From Chaubera's Edinburgh Journal.
EXPERIENCES OF A BAR-
RISTER.
A TALE OE CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE.
a
THE NORTH STAR.
those commanding emigrant vessels, acted as examiner.
He pulled one
were then, as now, habitual promise- article after another out of the trunk,
breakers; and although each succeed-an dat length-horror of horrors!-held
ing sun was to light them on their way, up the missing watch with a look of
it was fully a fortnight before the ship triumph and scorn.
of the premises, taking care, however,
Advertisements.
Important to Farmers.
CERTIFICATES.
PROSPECTUS
American Phrenological Journal.
0. S. FOWLER, EDITOR.
The most expect us. Yet, to do this we
O reform and pertect ourselves and our race, is
POVERTY:
ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
CURE.
BY LYSANDER SPOONER.
The Albany Patriot calls it- A neat pampahler
must understand the Human Constitution. This 108 pages- very remarkable production."-
Whether all the anticipations of Mr. Spooner
PHRENOLOGY
MAGNETISM.
we do
of sect or party.
stood out to sea. By that time a second Who put that there?" cried Har-IDE'S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Grass Phrenology, Physiology and Vital Magnetism em
Plow. The Farming Public are hereby informed brace, and eencé expound all the laws of our being, would be realized by the full adoption of his theory.
and more dire reverse had occurred in vey in an agony of mind which can that Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub-conditions of happiness, and constitute the philoso- med not here stop to enquire; but ive heartily com
be better imagined than described. scriber for his recent great improvements in the con-pher's stone of Universal Truth.
the fortunes of the luckless Harvey.
transparent forcible diction-intrepid indepes lence
Cartwright, whose appetite for ven-Who has done me this grievous struction and manufacture of FIELD CULTIVATORS;
Something more than half a century
Each number will contain either the analysis and original thought--and entire freedom from the can
the whole system of farming, by reducing the expense location of some phrenological faculty, illustrated by a compass, far beyond any one whose productions
Asa jodicial writer, he has a depth
ago, a person, in going along Holborn, geance was but whetted by his first wrong? I know nothing as to how the an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
one-half or more. Wherever they have been intro-
an Engraving, or an artical ou their combinatiods: have met our eye in a long time."
might have seen, near the corner of one success, had never lost sight of the watch came into my trunk."
Hunt's Merchant's Magazine say "It abounds
No one answered this appeal. All duced, they have met the decided approbation of
in bold and original thoughts. The illegal causes of
of the thoroughfares which diverge to- movements of his victim and now be
had followed him to the place of his present stood for a moment in gloomy armers, as the following certificates from the intel- and also the organization and character of some dis
igent and practical farmers whose names are tinguished personage, accompanied by a likeness.
PHYSIOLOGY
poverty are stated, and a number of important prope
wards Russel Square, the respectable-
uached, abundantly show:
Health I-Life, The great instrument of talent vir- sitions bearing on the subject laid down; and on the
looking shop of a gover and harber- embarkation, with an eager but unde- silence.
"Sir," said the landlord to Harvey
fined purpose of working him some fur-
tue and happiness, all of which it augments. To its whole, we consider it a work well worth studying
dasher named James Harvey, a man
This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have perservation and rastoration, special attention will be affording as it does many valuable hints to the state
man and political economist."
given.
generally esteemed by his neighbors, ther and more deadly mischief. Steal on recovering from his surprise, "I am
seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
The Banjor Gazette says" An able and certain
ly original work, from the pen of Lysander Spooner.
and who was usually considered well thily he hovered about the house which sorry for you. For the sake of a mis-
With practial instruction, interesting facts, and Esq.-author of that powerful book which dem
to do in the world. Like many Lond- sheltered the unconscious object of his erable trifle, you have brought ruin and by NATHAN IDE, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
malicious hate, plotting, as he after-disgrace on yourself. This is a matter York, and believe it to be, as a labor-saving ma-
chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age. choice truths which it unfolds, will be presented in
strates the unconstitutionality of American Slavery
on tradesmen, Harvey was originally wards confessed, the wildest schemes which concerns the honor of my house, By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acres this Journal.
There is no writer of the age, of logical acumea moe
YOUNG MEN.
from the country. He had come up to
searching than Spooner., This new work is de..
town when a poor lad to push his for- for satiating his revenge. Several times and cannot stop here. However much more of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
The blessings they enjoy, the influence they can tined to lead to a re-examination of all forcer sys
By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds wield, and their preparation for conducting our insti- tems of political economy."
At first blush his e-
tune, and by dint of steadiness and civ- be made excuses for calling at the ho- it is against my feelings, you must go team labor; he can also sow it in much better order.
may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con- tutions, will form the theme of a series of articles. nomical propositions strike us as sustainable-an't
lity, and a small property left him by tel, in the hope of observing the nature before a niagistrate."
"By all means," added No. 17, with structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
tey are so, his work will prevail, and produce an
"A means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
distant relation, he had been able to
important revolution in the present prevailing
to avoid being seen by Mr. Harvey or the importance of an injured man.
get into business on his own account,
only just brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
"Every one should read it."
and to attain that most important ele- his family. A fortnight passed away, pretty thing that one's watch is not safe and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or assiduously, to cultivate his natural powers, and tem.
think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston,
Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
ment of success in London-'a connec- and the day of departure for the emi-in a house like this!"
"John send Boots for a constable," pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
tion. Shortly after setting up in the grants arrived without the slightest op-
to our brother farmers.
Harvey sat with his head leaning on
world, he married a young woman from portunity occurring for the gratification said the landlord.
his native town, to whom he had been of his purposes. The ship was leaving
her berth; most of the passengers were his hand.-A deadly cold perspiration
engaged ever since his school-days; of board; Mrs. Harvey and the child- trickled down his brow.
and at the time our narrative coll
inences he was the father of three children, with nearly the whole of the lug- swelled and beat as if it would burst.
gage, were already safely in the ves- What should he do? His whole pros-
sel; Mr. Harvey only remained on pects were in an instant blighted. "Oh
one of the best frequented of its class shore to purchases me trifling articles, God! do not desert a frail and unhappy made purchase of another. We can with this Plow WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including the most
and to settle his bill at the hotel on re-being: give me strength to face this prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
in the street. You could never pass moving his last trunk. Cartwright had new and terrible misfortune," was a for wheat, and it is much better done than by the Bedford.
old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
without seeing customers going in or
out. There was evidently not a little tracked him all day; he could not at prayer he internally uttered. A little will yield 5 bush. per acre more.
tack him in the street; and he finally revived, he started to his feet, and ad-
business going forward. But although, foilowed him to the hotel, in order to dressing himself to the landlord, he
to all appearance, a flourishing con-wreak his vengeance on him in his said, "Take me to a magistrate instant-
cern, the proprietor of the establish-
ment was surprised to find that he was private appartment, of the situation of ly, and let us have this diabolical plot cription of the implement, with its various modes of
unravelled. I court inquiry into my
character and conduct."
ren.
James Harvey's establishment was
continually pinched in his circumstan-
No matter what was the amount
ces.
of business transacted over the counter,
he never got any richer.
which he had informed himself.
His heart
Harvey entered the hotel first, and
before Cartwright came up, he had gone "It is no use saying any more about
down a passage into the bar to settle it," auswered the landlord; "here is
the bill he had incurred for the last two Boots with a constable, and let us all
he
case,
tions.
James H. Hedley,
Enos Newman,
John C. Wheeler,
Gardner Berry,
James Ide
John Stevens,
Hartes Hedley,
James P. Anderson,
Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
Ide's Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
ELI CHURCH.
Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des-
operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
and used. No farmer who fully understands his
interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
implement,
Who does not long oarnestly, and would not strive
render himself better and more happy? To such,
each number will be a prompter and text-book.
AR A YEAR.
TERMS invariably in advance-ONE DOLL-
SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
sent GRATIS, when desired.
To receive attention, letters and orders must be
POST-PAID, and directed to
FOWLER & WELLS.
No 131 Nassau St.,New York
Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort-
ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
Davis.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
FITS! FITS!!
Hart's Vegetable Extract
Is the only remedy that can be relied on for the
permanent core of Spasmodie Contractions, Irrita
tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Physical Ener-
dreadful of all diseases that affect the human race-
Fpilepsy, or Falling Sikos-Hysterical Fits,
Convulsions, Spasms, &e It is well known, that
from time immemorial, Physicians have pronounced
Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all their
skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
consequently thousands have suffered through a mis
erable existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
the Altar of Insanity.-The proprietor of the Veget
able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respect-
Electricity and Hydropathy.
THE public are respectfully informed, that since fully invite physicians, and all others who are inter-
the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr. ested, to examine the testimony which is here offered.
Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the scientific If it is deception, let i be exposed; but it is
NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England, have true, then in the name of hemanity, no longer let it
Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
recently and indubitably established the fact, that be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
IDE'S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by Heart's Vegetable Extract.-For sixteen years,
LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull's
Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
come and examine for themselves.
jy19
JOBBING HOUSE.
SAGE & PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with has been tested by many persons who have sufred
natural and physiological laws-to wit, that the with this dreadful dissase, and in every case where
human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positive it has had a fair uial, has eflected a permanent
electrical state, and that the electrical nanations cure.
At the period referred to, shopkeep- days. Not aware of this circumstance, go away together to the nearest magis-
ing had not attained that degree of or- Cartwright in the bustle which prevail-trate. Boots, carry that trunk. John
ganization, with respect to counter-
men and cashiers, which now distin-ed, went up stairs to Mr. Harvey's bed- and Sally you can follow us."
room and parlor, in neither of which, And so the party, trunk and all, un-
from the cuticular surface, indicate hea th, or the Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
guishes the great houses of trade. The
to his surprise, did he he find the occu- der the constable as conducter, ad- ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER symptoms aad character of disease-there is some his daughter has been afflicted with Fits for more
primitive till was not yet superseded.
reason to hope, that certain physicians, gnorant of than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
these principles or natural laws, a knowledge of the Vegetable Extract.
This was the weak point in Harvey's pant, and he turned away discomfited. journed to the house of a magistrate in
Mrs. J. Bracey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
arrangements; and not to make a need- Passing along towards the chief star-a adjacent street. There the matter
è perceived a room of which the seemed so clear a case of felony-rob- HE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea- which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
sure in announcing to the public that they have of the healing art, will cease their vociferations states that she has been subject to Fits for many
less number of words about it, the poor door was open, and that on the table bery in a dwelling-house-that Harvey, completed arrangements by which they are enabled against the POSITIVE ELECTRICAL STATE of the years, and has been restored to perfect health (after
to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en- human body, and will hesitate to diss: ade those every other means had failed) by the use of the
man was regularly robbed by a shop- there lay a gold watch and appendages. all protestations to the contrary, was gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes, whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints, Vegetable Extract.
man, whose dexterity in pitching a
Nobody was in the apartment; the fully committed for trial at the ensuing to come to this market for a supply.
from seeking nature's remedy at the NORTHAMP Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co..
They are also offering on the most favorable terms, TON WATER CURE. Thus sustained the light Alabama, who is one of the best Physicians in the
guinea into the drawer, so as to make
a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf, of science, the undersigned may be permitted here State, says that he has been much fenefitted by the
it jump, unseen, with a jerk into his gentleman who occupied it had only a March assizes, then but a few days dis-
few moments before gone to his bed-tant.
and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find- to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where the use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unl.esitat
hand, was worthy of Herr Dobler, or chamber for a brief space. Quick as At the period at which these inci-ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &c. Dealers will find it wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
any other master of the sublime art of lightning a diabolical thought flashed dents occurred, I was a young man go- greatly to their interest to examine our stock before condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
comes under his knowledge.
other parts Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
jugglery.
I had not as
through the, brain of the villam, who ing on my first circuits.
of the body alluded to, are in the elect.o-positive at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
Good natured and unsuspicious, per- had been baffled in his original inten- yet been honored with perhaps more
state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope Erie Co., Pa., states that for many years past he
for a cure.
haps also not sufficiently vigilant, Har-
has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he is now
He recollected that he had seen than three or four briefs, and these on-
Had not the results of past years' practice happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart's
vey was long in discovering how he was
a trunk in Harvey's room, and that iy in cases so slightly productive of fees, Ware Agents for the Bufalo Paper Mills, already convinced the public of the safety or truth- Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
pillaged. Cartwright, the name of the
Paper of the best quality is made from fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
the keys hung in the lock. An incon- that I was compelled to study economy
person who was preying on his employ-ceivably short space of time served for in my excursions. Instead of taking pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup- governed, in detecting the symptoms and character Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
er, was not a young man. He was be- him to seize the watch, to deposit it at up my residence at the inn when visit-ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien- having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots. tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor his family, highly recommends it to all persons wh
tween forty and fifty years of age, and the bottom of Harvey's trunk, and to ing - a considerable seaport where Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur- Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince are afflicted with Fit
the most incredulous.
M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Aveaue
had been in various situations, where quit the hotel by a back stair, which led the count held its sittings, I dwelt innished at short notice.
Printers and others will do well to call and exam- Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
he had always given satisfaction, ex-
awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi Mr. Chas, H. Boughton, a member of his family ha
cept on the score of being somewhat by a short cut to the harbour.-Thedging- kept by a widow lady, where, ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
whole transaction was done unperceiv- at a small expense, I could enjoy per-
tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
gay and somewhat irritable. Private-ed, and the wretch at last departed un- fect quietness, free from interruption.
evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to many years, that he was, obliged to relinquish hi
relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will business. Having used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Ex-
ly, he was a man of loose habits, and noticed.
On the evening after my arrival on
assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
for years his extravagances had been
that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may perfect health, and left this city for the State of
Having finished his business at the the March circuit of the year 17-, I
paid for by property clandestinely ab-
original and philosophical method of practice.
Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churca,
stracted from his too confiding master. bar, Mr. Harvey repaired to his room, was sitting in my lodging perusing a
& BONNELL'S new Establishment, No 59,
The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ- Spotswood, New Jersey,' who has been afflicted
Slow to believe in the reality of such locked his trunk, which being of a new work on criminal jurisprudence, TBOX Quality of article is to be had at LAING afigid him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his Ohio to resume his business.
wickedness, Mr Harvey could with dif- handy size, he mounted on his should- when the landlady, after tapping at the State Street, Rochester Also a general assort- ated near Bensouville, on the west bank of Licking with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &c, which are Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles that he has used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Extract, and
offered at the very lowest prices for Cash
ficulty entertain the suspicions which er, and proceeded to leave the house by door, entered my room.
Carriage Trimming executed from the centre of the town. It is conveniently his health has been so much improved that he hopes
"I am sorry to trouble you, sir," and with dispatch, by J. T. Laing, the latest style arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
began to draw on his mind. At length the back stairs, in order to get as
ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil- Epileptic Fits. For twenty-seven years and six
all doubt was at an end. He detected quickly as possible to the vessel. Lit- said she; but a lady has called to see in State Street, opposite the Mansion Houseated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
Cartwright in the very act of carrying the recked he of the interruption which you about a very distressing law case- having had extensive experience in the a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for medicine.
Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
generous public who shall favor him with their pa
fromages
Rochester, July 14, 1848
British Perlodical Literature.
The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review,
for the offence; b
informality in the
quitted.
ate.
.. was ac-
FISHER & Co.
Booksellers and Publishers.
jy21
TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
3m
The North British Review, the Westminster Review,
and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure Read the following remarkable case of the son of
purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta- Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
blishment in this country. The scenery in this Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger-
variety of pleasant walks, suficiently retired, to many and France, consulting the most eminent
allow water-cure patients to appear as they should, physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
being exposed to public gaze or observation
with his son to this country in November last., with-
Among the complaints which are here successfully out receiving any Lenefit whatever, and was cured
treated, are beadache, tendency of blood to the head, by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.-I have speni
cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron- over three thousand dollars for me icine and medical
cals renders it needless to say much in their praise. dice, acute or chronic infiammation of the bowels, rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
anyting of the sort now published, while the polit- affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism, respect to his case; they examined him and prescii-
As literary organs, they stand far in advance of piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
candor, and forbearance, not often found in works neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal bed accordingly. I remained there three months
rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
without perceiving any change for the better, winch
of a party character.
All patients who visit this establishment for a cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock-
They embrace the views of the three great parties course of treatment, should furnish themselves with eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
off goods to a considerable amount. was to be presented to his departure. very distressing indeed, and a very
The man was tried at the Old Bailey He had got as far as the foot of the strange case it is too. Only, if you
technical stair with his burden, when he was could be so good as to see her?"
"Who is she?"
overtaken by a waiter, who declared
"All I know about it is this: she is
that he was going to leave the house
elandestinely without settling accounts. a Mrs. Harvey. She and her husband;
Unable to find employment, and with It is proper to mention that Mr. Har- and children were to sail yesterday for
a character gone, the liberated thief be-
came savage, revengeful, and desper-vey had incurred the enmity of this Boston. All were aboard except the hus-
Instead of imputing his fall to his particular waiter in consequence of band; and he, on leaving the large ho- THE wide--pread fame of these splendid periodi chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun- attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
own irregularities, he considered his having, out of his slender resources, tel over the way was taken up for a rob-
given him too small a gratuity on the ber. Word was in the evening sent by
late unfortunate employer as the cause
occasian of paying a former bill, and the prisoner to his wife to come on
of his ruin; and now he bent all the
not aware of the second bill being set- shore with all her children and the lug-
energies of his dark nature to destroy tled, the waiter was rather glad to have gage; and so she came back in the pi-
the reputation of the man whom he had
an opportunity of charging him with a lot boat, and was in such a state of in England-Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black-three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or was their opinion that my son's case was hopeless,
betrayed and plundered. Of all the fraudulent design. In vain Mr. Har- distress, that my brother who is on the wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases, and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
beings self-delivered to the rule of un-
serupulous malignity, with whom it has ey remonstrated, saying he had paid preventive, and saw her land, took pity Ster Review Radical. The North Westmin. six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
for everything. The waiter would not on her, and had her and her children ster British Re- cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um- and France, and returned home in the month of
view is more of a religious character, having been brella, and a pair of slippers.
believe his statement, and detained him and things taken to a lodging on the originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 to as when 1 left, I saw your advertisement in one of
till he should hear better about it."
quay.
As my brother knows we have his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr. $8 50 per week, payable weekly-washing extra. the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart's
Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its A patient who from choice or the character of his Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
literary character is of the very highest order. The complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor, certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
Westminster, though reprinted un er that title only, will pay $800 per week-on the first and second thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
is publiseed in England under the title of The For- floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra sorry I did so, as by the use of Hart's Vegetable
eign Quarterly and Westminster-it being in fact a attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath- Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
union of the two Reviews formerly republished and ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel, HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore, or pay an extra price.
formed the determination to labor, even
existence.
countenance.
Northampton, March 1848.
D. RUGGLES.
November last, with my son as far from being cured
unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
prospect now before him of life, health and asetul-
ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 years 6
months of this time has been atticted with this
been my fate to come professionally in
contact, I never knew one so utterly
fiendish as this discomfitted pilierer.
"Let me go fellow; I insist upon it," a London lawyer staying here, he has
Frenzied with his imaginary wrongs, he said Mr Harvey, burning with indigna- advised the poor woman to come and
consult you about the case."
if it were for years, to ruin his victim. tion, "I am already to late."
"Not a step, till I ask master if ac- "Well, I'll see what can be done,
Nothing short of death should divert
Please desire the lady to step in."
him from this the darling object of his counts are squared."
A lady was shortly shown in. She the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
At this moment, while the altercation had been pretty, and was so still, but work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
Animated by these diabolical pas- was at the hottest, a terrible ringing of anxiety was pictured in her pale immediately on their arrival by the British steamers, N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
Her dress was plain, in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn. enjoying good health.
sions, Cartwright proceeded to his bells was heard, and above stairs was a
are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
work. Harvey, he had too good reu- loud noise of voices, and of feet running but not inelegant; and altogether she Magazine, being an exact fac-smule of the Edinburgh always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
to and fro. A chambermaid came hur- had a neat
sons to know, was in debt to persons
and engaging appear- edition.
convey them hither.
thing, and as I here enclose you one hundred dolare,
I have no doubt but you will think this another and
who had made him advances; and by riedly down the stair, exclaiming that
RICES FOR 1849, (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
*The human blood, in a normal and healthy con- quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
means of artfully-concocted anonymous some one had stolen a gold watch froin
"Be so good as to sit down," said For any one of the four Reviews, $300 per annum. dition of the human system, is in a positive state, owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
letters,-evidently written by some one No. 17, and that nobody ought to leave bowing: "and tell me all you would like For any two
which is constantly maintained by the activity of the on the debt in advance.
generating sources within-an excess generally pass
conversant with the matters on which the house till it was found.
With sick folks, fickle, those whom passions sway, he wrote, he succeeded in alarming the lord also, moved by the hurricane
haberdasher's creditors. The conse- which had been raised, made his appear-
quences were-demands of immediate ance at the spot where Harvey was in-
payment and in spite of the dentor's terrupted in his exit.
explanations and
"What on earth is all this noise a-
promises, writs,
At close temptations; when the day is done,
His goodness sets not, but in dark can run:
The sun to others writeth laws,
And is their virtue; virtue is his sun:
Who, when he is to treat
Allows fr that, and keeps his constaut way;
Whom others' faults do not defeat,
But though men fail him, yet his part doth play:
Whom nothing can procure,
When the wide world runs bias, from his will
To writhe his limbs, and share, not mend the ill.
This is the marksman firm and sure,
Who still is right, and prays to be so still.
CAST IN THY MITE
He who gives little from his store,
If little be his means,
Treads on as far the heavenward shores,
As he who gives ten times the more,
If ten times more his gains.
He may be useful here who would,
And walk within a zone of light;
There is a treasury of g. d-
Cast in thy might!
Thou may'st not have one piece of gold
To bless the poor man's palm;
But angels will with joy behold,
If thou hast word which can be told,
His troubled heart to calm:
For kind words are as honied streams,
And he the walker of the sod,
Who gives them to his brother, seems
A messenger from God!
There are abuses deep and loud,
Hoarse voices shrieking "Bread!"
And there are noble spirits bowed,
And forms that flit among the crowd,
Like phantoms from the dead.
Crush but one atom of abuse,
Stay bat particle of sm,
And God will sanctify the use
Of all thy powers therein.
And if thy brother weaker be,
If folly mark his path;
And if that thou be folly free-
If Knowledge clingeth unto thee,
Give not contempt nor wrath.
But from the garner of thy worth,
And from thy store of truth and light,
To serve thy brother's wants on earth,
Cast in thy mite.
The land-
ance.
to stay."
"
The poor woman burst into tears;
but afterwards recovering herself, she
told me pretty nearly the whole of her
history and that of her husband.
Lawyers have occasion to see so
For any three
For all four of the Reviews,
do
do
5.00
"
7.00
8.00
46
"
66
6
66
For Blackwood's Magazine, 3.00
For Black wood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
For Blackwood & the 4 Reviews, 10 00
Payments to be made in all cases in advance
CLUBBING.
ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
England, upon the "uncovered skin," 322 indicated
the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
Now, sir, faith without works I don't believe
Yours, very respectfully,
(signed)
WILLIAM SECORE.
TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy (1
of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis this truly wonderful medicine, read the following
pensable to the healthful condition of the whole letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilfore, Oo,
animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is one of the most eminent physicians in that place:
Four copies of any or all the above works will bee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues."
Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1846.
aeavy iw expenses, ruinous sacrifices, bout, John?" inquired the landlord of much duplicity, that I did not all at sent to one address on payment of the regular sub Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of Brother laborer in the cause of humanity-lear
once give my assent to the idea of Har-scription for three-the fourth copy being gratis.
vey being innocent of the crime of which
he stood charged.
and ultimate bankruptcy It inay seem the waiter.
iar.
And here again my
EARLY COPIES.
isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov. sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure that I
8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of am enabled to announce to you the complete triungh
A late arrangement with the British publishers of Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical of your invaluable medicine in cases of Epilepsy. I
Blackwood's Magazine secures to us early sheets of Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
that work, by which we shall be able to place the
ATHOL WATER CURE.
portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
&
70 Fulton street, New York.
way. Also an extensive assortment of Cravats,
Stocke, Hosiery, Gloves, &c
Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
I subscribe myself yours, sincerely,
W. L. MONROE, M. D
[Signed]
To Dr. S. Hart, New York.
a short distance from the V. & M. railroad. The
vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
When thousands who are now trembling under
exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the the hand of this dreadful disease, and fearing that
every attack may prove fatal, will find permanen
The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs. relief and be restored to new life, by using this
B., wife of Dea. B., of Warwick, Mass., aged celebrated medicine.
about thirty-five years, was brought to me last OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
August. Her case presented the following pheno- Have been received in testimony of the Beneficial
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank healthful results for which they labor.
fort and Gold Street.
almost too marvellous for belief, but "Why, sir, I thought it rather
the story of this terrible revenge and strange for any gentleman to leave the
have preseribed it in four instances in this vicinity,
its consequences is no fiction. Fvery house by the back way, carrying his "There is something perfectly inex-
and it has been highly successful in all. Three o
incident in my narrative is true, and own portmanteau, and so I was making plicable in the case," I observed, "and
the patients, I trust, have been radically cured.
the whole may be found in hard out- a little breeze about it, fearing he had it would require sifting-Your husband
The fourth one is rapidly improving, and will, I
think without doubt recover. I am not in the habit
ine in the records of the courts with not paid his bill, when all of a sudden I hope has always borne a good char-Journals. For this and other advantages secured to THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention of prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
our subscribers we pay so farge a consideration, that of Invalids, especially those suffering from but when I see an article which promises so much
which a few years ago I was famil- Sally rushes down the stairs and says acter?"
we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga- chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in for the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
as how No. 17 has missed his gold
"Perfectly so. He was no doubt un-zine. Therefore we repeat "subscribe early while Athol, Mass.
The humiliated and distressed feel-watch, add that no one should quit the fortunate in business; but he got his the price is low.
His house was opened for the reception of patient, to recommend it, and I have no hesitatiin in say
certificate on the first examination; and
Remittances and communications should be always last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili ing that as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
with the real merit of your medicine, they will
ings of Harvey and his family may be hotel."
ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro close their eye against prejudice and lead you a
left to the imagination. When he No. 17, an old, dry-looking military there are many who would testify to his addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in helping hand.
found himself a ruined man, I dare say gentleman in a particularly high passion uprightness."
purity has been pronounced "equal to water on a
distifled." The location is quite eligible, being but
his mental sufferings were sufficiently now showed himself on the scene, utter-client broke into tears, as if over-
acute. Yet he did not sit down in des- ing terrible threats of legal proceedings whelmed with her recollections and WM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad-
pair. To re-establish himself in busi- against the house for the loss he had prospects.
I think 1 recollect Mr. Harvey's
ness in England appeared hopeless; sustained.
but America presented itself as a scene Harvey was stupified and indignant, shop," said I, soothingly. "It seemed
where industry might find a reward; yet he could hardly help smiling at the a very respectable concern; and we
and by the kindness of some friends, he bother. "What," said he, "have I to must see what can be done. Keep up
was enabled to make preparatinos to do with all this? I have paid for every-vour spirits; the only fear I have arises
Free Labor Goods.
emigrate with his wife and children.- thing; I am surely entitled to go away from the fact of Judge A-being or MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro-mena. If placed in an erect position, and left une result produced by the use of Dr. Hart's Vegeta-
Towards the end of February he quitted if I like. Remember, that if I lose my the bench. He is usually considered
Association, and for sale at No. 31, North supported, she forthwith fell backward to the ble Extract.
Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
ground. If being well supported, she made an
London for one of the great seaports, passage to Boston, you shall answer for severe, and if exculpatory evidence
Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur- effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
where he was to embark for Boston. it.'
fail, your husband will run the risk of niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin, despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
On arriving there with his family, Mr. "I very much regret detaining you, being transported." A word of more bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and other. She had been in this condition nearly a
Harvey took up his abode at a princi- sir," replied the keeper of the hotel; terrific import, with which I was about Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding; and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she portation, and send to any part of the United
width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored; year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
pal hotel. This, in a man of straight- "but you hear there has been a rob- to conclude, stuck unuttered in my Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a States, Texas, Mexico, and West Indies.
ened means, was doubtless imprudent; bery committed within the last few throat. "Have you employed an at-ellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton, has continued her baths, with corresponding im cinnati, Ohio, General Agents for the United
mile with ease. Since her retura to her family, she THOMAS & MILS, 169 Main street, Cin
but he afterwards attempted to explain minutes, and as it will be proper to torney?" I added.
Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information, provement to her health. She now attends to her States, to whom all communications must be ad-
the circumstances by saying, that as search every one in the house, surely "No; I have done nothing as yet, may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North domestic duties, and with the assistance of a smal dressed Post Paid.
the ship in which he had engaged his you, who are on the point of departure, but apply to you, to beg of you to be Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Teath-street; or to
James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
passage was to sail on the day after his will have no objections to be searched my husband's counsel."
arrival he had preferred incurring a first, and then be at liberty to go? "Well, that must be looked to. I
slight additional expense rather than There was something so perfectly shall speak to a local agent, to pre-
that his wife-who was now, with fail- reasonable in all this, that Harvey step-pare and work out the case; and we
ing spirits, nursing an infant-should ped into an adjoining parlour, and shall all do our utmost to get an ac-
be exposed to coarse associations and threw open his trunk for inspection. quittal. To morrow I will call on your
personal discomfort. In the expecta- never doubting that his innocence husband in prison."
tion, however, of being only one night would be immediately manifest.
Many thanks were offered by the un-
in the hotel, Harvey was unfortunately
The waiter, whose mean rapacity fortunate lady and she withdrew.
disappointed.--Shipmasters, especially had been the cause of the detention,
(To be continued.)
A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
on hand.
jul-f
Anti-Slavery Office,
Prepared by S. HART, M. D., New York.
Price, one package.
Do four packages
Do eight packages
$3.00
10 00
20 00
It is carefully packed up in boxes for trans
girl, does the work of her family.
A. B & D. Sands Corner of Fulton and William St.
Patients are desired to bring three comfortables, New York.
one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets, H. D. Wade, Main & St. Pauls Rochester,
half a dozen towels marked, with old linen loi E. Hollidge, 217 Main street Buffalo,
bandages.
Terins, from five to ten dollars per week, accord. Fay & Killbourne, Columbus,
H. & E. Gaylord, Agents for Cleveland Ohio,
ing to the necessities or choice of the patients. J. G & G. H Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia. Those who are less particular in the selection of Wm. Cunningham, Millwaukie Wis.
FULL assortiment of anti-slavery publication rooms, or are willing to occupy them in commor J. R Reed, and Co., Chicago Ill.
Doct. T. Mason, Dulinque lowa.
is kept constantly on band. Also a bandsom with others, will be charged leas.
variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
and Fancy Stationery.
H. Blacksley, and Co., St. Louis Mo.
And for Sale by most of the principal Druggists,
All letters relating to the business of the office W Main Street, Kellogg's Buildings, Hartford
TASHINGTON'S Daguerrian Gallery, 136, throughout the United States.
THOMAS & MILLS, 169 Main street,
Sep. 22-ly
Cincinnati, Ohig
Athol, March, 1848.
to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
Fifth-street, Philadelphia.
jul-f
Connecticut.
GEORGE HOYT.
"
