PHOTO
by STEFEENS
CHICAGO
C
d now
n of It in Next
a4 Pages, 3 Cents.
11E JOUKA
NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JULY 2, 1896.-16 PAGI -COPYRIGHT, 1896, BY
The Jo
PRIC
A $300,000,000 DROP IN TWELVL DAYS. FIGHTING In
Interest ing
Array of Figures Which Show the
Effect of the Present Political Crisis
Upon the Stock Market.
On of the most interesting aspects of the present extraordinary political crisis is the
effect which it has produced upon the stock market According to the best obtainable es-
timates, there has been within the past fortnight a shrinkage of values amounting to about
THREE HUNDRED MILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
This
Everybody realizes that the Democratic platform is going to demand free silver.
realization affects the market in various ways. Perhaps some great operators may be se-
cretly willing to give the country an object lesson of the effect the free coinage policy would
have upon Prosperity. Suggestions to this effect have not been lacking. But undoubtedly
much of the liquidation has been genuine. There has been sufficient panicky talk in the pa-
pers and amo
ong politicians to alarm small investors. Putting two and two together-the
admittedly wonderful growth of silver sentiment and the disasters which local authorities
have predicted from its success-there has been reason enough for timid speculators to take
to the woods.
The extent to which they have migrated in that direction is displayed in the figures.
In twelve days from the time of McKinley's nomination, when confidence and stocks were
at their highest, the total value of twenty-nine listed securities dealt in on the New York
Stock Exchange has shrunk by $59,260,000. The shrinkage in the hundreds of stocks not
listed cannot be accurately fixed, but a careful estimate of the decline in this market puts it at
$300,000,000. Burlington is worth $6,400,000 less than twelve days ago, Atchison $5,373,000,
Sugar $6,000,000,, Chicago Gas $2,000,000, Southern Railroad, $4,000,000, and so on down
the list.
Sugar went down 34 points yesterday, Manhattan 33, Northwestern 3 and other stocks
in proportion. The whole day was one of steady and rapid declines.
There was a rush
to sell from the tim he the Exchange opened. Frightened investors and bears continued to
keep the market on the slide, but the efforts of the bears to create a panic were happily unsuc-
cessful. Their rum or that $4,000,000 or $5,000,000 in gold would be shipped this week proved
unfounded. Only $200,000 in gold was taken from the Sub-Treasury yesterday for ship-
The action of the Chicago Convention seems to be pretty thoroughly discounted by
this time, and the actual adoption of a free coinage platform will not come as a shock and
may not have much additional effect.
ment.
STOCK.
TABLE
A., T. & S. F..
Do. pref...
American Sugar R..
American Tobacco.
SHOWWING THE RAPID FALL IN LEADING STOCKS.
22 3-8
124
158
Highest
Closin
June 19.
June 27.
.. 15 3-8
13 1-2
Closing
June 30.
13 3-4
Closing
Yesterday.
20
20 1-2
13 1-4
19 5-8
.123 5-8
113 5-8
1115-8
107 3-4
68
63 5-8
63
60 1-4
Cotton Oil......
13 1-4
12 1-2
91-2
91-4
C., B. & Q...
79 7-8
74 3-4
73 5-8
715-8
C., C., C. & St. L...
33 7-8
313-4
29 3-8
27 1-2
.
Chicago Gas.
68 1-2
66
63 3-8
60 3-8
D. & H........
125 1-2
127 1-2
125 1-8
D., L. & W.....
1.61
General Electric.
3
N. J. Central..
National Lead...
.10
2
52
104
26
24
104
26
71 1
79 1
29 1-
com.
93-
24 1-
85
25 3-
781-2
com..
U. S. Leather pref..
19 1-4
631-8
CLEVELAND, D.
A Mob of Ten Thousa
Attacks Policemen
and Workmen.
Strikers and Deputies Also
Have a Fierce Struggle
at Berea.
Frenzied Women Urge Me
to Dee ds of Violence
and Aid Them.
The Militia Have Been Called O
and Two Companies Are
Now in Berea.
CAUSED BY A LEADS TREACH
Fifty Deputy Sheriffs Try to Preve
Striking Quarrymen from Interf
with Men at Work and A
Attacked-More Rioting
Cleveland, Ohio, July 1.-The
the shots fired in the Berea stone
strike had hardly died away this aft
than a wild mob broke loose on the
of this city. Ten thousand people, y
cursing, howling, jeering and swe
surrounded the works of the Brow
ing and Conveying Company, a
place there is a lock-out, for block
sides. Never in this city's hist
there been a parallel. Over 100 n
men were at work to day in the
Hoisting and Conveying Company's
A strong detail of policemen were
up to protect them as they left their
this evening. The policemen endeavo
Estimated
load the non-union men onto the cars,
Gross Loss.
by strategy the strikers and thousan
$2,040,000 their sympathizers prevented this.
3.330,000 threatening crowd gathered about the
coats and the non-union men, wb
6,000,000
hedged within the hollow square
1,440,000 cemen.
800,000 Finally A. L. Strong, a non-unio
6,400,000 goaded to frenzy by the hooting mol,
his revolver and shot a striker by the
1,350,000
of Benjamin Ions and seriour w
2,000,000 him. The crowd set up an a
assault was attempted
The police then decide
John P. Altgeld, the Silver Leader.
ILTELD'S WORD
IS LAW TO
SILVER.
Now Opposed to Letting
Gold Democrats Have
Any Show.
(From his latest photograph.)
yet he is not even an American-born cit- under the 16 to 1 standard at the start
izen!
must go.
According to this plan, Richardson, of L. & N....
Altgeld Wants No Honors.
Governor A'tgeld may not be temporary
chairman of the convention, after all. The
silverites had determined that their leader
should be made either temporary or perma-
nent chairman, but it seems that the Gov-
ernor wants neither. At least, he said to-
day that he was not a candidate for chair-
manship honors. He added that if his
friends desired to meet his views they With hostilities so plainly declared be- St. Paul
would not attempt to present his name to tween the silver forces and the National Southern R. R. pref..
the Committee on Temporary Organization. Committee, it is not to be expected that
Do
"It is a task that I have no liking for," the latter organization will receive the
N. Y., S. & W. pref..
sald the Governor. "I prefer to be on the bimetallists' demand to name the tempo-
floor of the convention in my capacity of rary chairman with any degree of cordial- Western Union...
delegate. I have not inquired how far ity. There is talk of a compromise among Tenn. C. & ......
the movement to present my name for the conservative men on both sides, but U. S. Rubber pref...
chairman has gone, but I desire to say that Altgeld, Jones, Stone, Turpie and Daniel
Do.
I will not be a candidate."
scoff at the idea of yielding an inch.
Hinrichsen visited the Palmer House
Iowa, and Prather, of Missouri, must ac- Manhattan Elevated.
company Secretary Sheerin in his walk to
the political guillotine. Illinois has already M., K. & T.......
disposed of Ben Cable at Altgeld's com- Missouri Pacific..
mand, and it is even hinted that the Gov- Northwestern
ernor has not only counselled, but in- Pacific Mall
sisted on the removal of the gold commit-
C., R. I. & P..
teemen in other States.
Free Coinage Men Mean to and Auditorium to-night and told the
Make War Upon the Na-
tional Committee.
Hinois Governor Wants No
Chairmanship at the Chi-
cago Convention.
Senator Hill May Be Chosen to Open
the Proceedings by the Gold
Committeemen.
T WORK ON THE VARIOUS BOOMS.
ice-President Stevenson Will Not Be at the
Convention-Gold Men from Indiana
Will Work Against the White
Metal.
Ag
Altgeld Will Have No Gold.
"We have a majority, and propose to take
Bland and Boies managers about Governor possession and run the convention as we
Altgeld's decision. The withdrawal of the please," they say, using the immortal
Governor from the race for chairman has words of stalwart "Buck" Hinrichsen. The
left the field open to all comers, and there silver men can name the permanent chair-
will not be a scarcity of candidates. Dis- man by virtue of their numbers, but custom
patches from New York announcing that decrees that the National Committee shall
Senator Hill will be the candidate of the select the temporary chairman. If the
gold standard delegations of the Eastern committee choose a gold Democrat for that
States for temporary chairman have at- position he would simply deliver a speech
tracted much interest among the silver against free silver and then, by force of
HER LIFE FORFEIT
TO SAVE HER CHILD.
and
wag
ing
Mari
saw
witha
As sho
and th
men in Chicago. Indeed, there is a settled circumstances, hand the convention over Mrs. Fjolilies Run Down in Sev- She ca
belief among members of the National Bi- to the silver leaders.
But the silver men
metallic Committee that the senior New don't want to even let the gold Democrats
had ju
enth Avenue by a Reck-
less Driver.
way w
wagon
The w
the wh
driver p
the anin
anti-free silver Democrats of the party," Little Daughter About to Be Killed trians re
Governor Altgeld's
York Senator will be the choice of the have that much show.
National Committee for the position. There idea is to shut the goldbugs out entirely,
will be less opposition to him than to any and if his plan goes this will be done.
other gold standard man who might be "The situation is not encouraging to the
named for the important post, for the
reason that Senator Hill's Senatorial col-
leagues who are in control of the bi-
are of the opinion
metallic organization
that he would perform the duties of tem-
porary chairman fairly and as a Democrat.
said William F. Harrity, Chairman of the
Democratic National Committee, who ar-
rived in Chicago at 10 o'clock this morning.
He had not been in town half an hour be-
fore there was a rush for his room at the
When the Mother Sac-
rificed Herself.
was carr
f
in
Aus
by.
dashed u
He found
wrist and
injured a
She was
the Manha
die.
The child
The bimetallists have a candidate for Wellington. His colleagues on the commit- GUILTY MEN PERMITTED TO ESCAPE. contusions
temporary chairman in Senator Harris, of tee obtained an immediate audience with
Tennessee, and, if not acceptable, they will him, and for two hours they explained the Two Wagons Racing When the Woman at o'cloc
Journal Convention Headquarters, Palmer present the name of Senator Jones, of Ar- situation to him.
The arrival of Chairman Harrity and the
Iouse, Chicago, July 1.-Governor Altgeld kansas. This, however, would simply be a
u consciously pointed a certain moral this fulfilment of the Senatorial programme to congregation of the National Committee-
ent committee, who hails from a silver
Vice-President Stevenson Appears.
and Girl Tried to Cross at One Hundred
and Twenty-fourth Street-In-
dignant Spectators.
Some of the persons who had witnessed
the accident became angered at his ex-
planation of the accident, and he would
house by al
to the care
Several dete
the identity
prehend ther
been made u
YONKER
Annie Robbins,
Pocket
For the third
nie Robbins, th
of Alexander R
dent of Yonker
for stealing a po
custody by Pat
a.ternoon. It was at the Sherman House, run the convention.
men revived the talk of the gold Demo-
and he was the centrepiece of a picture
Wallace Turned Down.
crats bolting the nomination of silver can-
Two men, each in a light wagon, were
never to be forgotten by those who saw it. Hugh C. Wallace, of the State of Wash- didates, and the adoption of a 16 to 1
To the right ran a stream of such men as ington, a gold man and supporter of the platform.
Such talk greatly enraged the racing down Seventh avenue, shortly after
Hinrichsen, Stone, of Missouri, Trude and Administration, was picked by the Nation silver men.
Being beaten in a fair fight, 11 o'clock, last night, when one of them
ran down a woman, who was crossing with
Ladd, of Illinois. On his left were grouped al Committee. He had a reasonable cer they say, the gold men should line up.
her child, at One Hundred and Twenty-
Bryan, of Nebraska; Turpie, of Indiana; tainty of calling the convention to order The threat is made boldly now that when
fourth street. He pulled up his horse and
Daniel, of Virginia; McConnell, of Chicago, until Altgeld and silver men of his kind the convention is over not one of the pres- left his wagon to inquire as to the extent of
with little rivulets of statesmen and poli- held their conference yesterday at which
Ciclans running to the doors. Behind him it was divulged that Wallace was the man
State, will be left, with the exception of his victim's ihjuries,, from the crowd who
was, the great stairway, with bronze stat- selected for the temporary chairmanship.
had gathered about her.
men like Campeau, of Michigan, who is an
es upholding globes for light.
His gilded, opinions did not, it seems, hurt out-and-out silver enthusiast.
And in the centre stood Altgeld, alone. the silverites so much as his friendliness
Short of stature, he seems still shorter by to Cleveland and the possibility that he
eason of the droop which affects his whole would in his speech laud the Administra- Vice-President Stevenson slipped into the probably have been roughly used had not
ame. The face is listless, the eyes slow, tion and make the most of the opportunity Palmer House early this morning. As he Policeman Castello, of the West One Hun-
is looked upon as a Presidential quantity, dred and Twenty-fifth Street Station, ap-
e brow tilted forward. One hand plays to do his friend at Washington a good turn.
ith a fragment of beard, the other is in Altgeld dilated upon this particularly ob- his appearance at this time made a slight peared on the scene. He made no attempt
The rumor went out that he
e trousers pocket. The hair is of that jectionable trait in Mr. Wallace's charac- sensation.
ct which seems never newly cut, but to ter and others in the conference agreed it had arrived to take a personal interest in to arrest the man, but began to ask ques-p
his own ambition, or to act as peacemaker While he was thus engaged the man man-
between the East and the West. He dis-
e clothes are of the "ready made" ap-
off. His identity and that of the other
Secretary Sheerin, of the National Com- sipated every rumor by declaring that his aged to slip away to his wagon and drove
rance. They hang discouraged on that mmittee, to-day experienced the first gust visit had no significance.
ping frame. The knees of the trousers of the silver storm, which is hanging over way home," he said, "and I will not be man with whom he had been racing could her pocket. With
wofully and the vest is creased across his devoted head. He is a pronounced gold here during the convention."
many wrinkles. The coat creeps un- man; his State is for silver, and the con-
w into only a shabby and uneven length. was impossible Wallace could act.
e beard looks untrimmed and is short.
Gold Men Marked to Go.
"I am on my
tions.
not be learned.
Stevenson is following the example set
9
child exhibited he
indifference,
At a lawn party
on South Broadw
O'Connor, nine yea
street, having pur
one of the booths,
Robbins girl picked
leisurely away. A
near colliding with a number of bicyclists, standing near, saw
ticket collector at
Broadway, who held
The men in driving downtown had come
in on the shoulders. The hat is gone. sequence is he is marked for slaughter. by McKinley in keeping his mouth shut but did not seem to care whether they ran
eld is the strongest figure in Advance agents of the Indiana delegation on all political toples, especially on the over any one or not.
"itical situation to-day. passed the word along to-day that Sheerin money issue. Senator Blackburn recently
is to be turned down. Many of the Indiana made the remark: "The horse is saddled bleeding when picked
onsulted and standing at the door waiting to carry
ellverit
ould vote for him if th
"sonal w
Fjol'
7 Ea
The woman, who war
as Mrs.
ver
Stevenson into the White House if he will
come out and say that he is for silver."
old
Th
Contin
Second Page.
In
nd man's arrival.
On her way
to the
mitted having taken t
Ined to brag ove
led her in the ca
morning.
