HEART MOUNTAIN
Vol. III - No. 33A
HEART MOUNTAIN, WYOMING -SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1944
5c Within City - 10c Elsewhere
Future of Residents Is More Encouraging
Hoover Lauds The Future Holds Important Plans
Evacuees
For Conduct
WASHINGTON, D. C. -
That portion of the nation's
population which, because of
foreign ancestry, became sus-
pect when this country went
to war, has given little trouble to
its guardians.
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Director J. Edgar Hoover says the
"dollar patriots," "misery chislers"
and "horseplay pranksters," whose
American ancestry should leave no
question of their loyalty, have prov-
en much more of a problem than
Japanese, German and other Axis
nationals or war prisoners.
American citizens of Japanese
ancestry, uprooted wholesale from
their homes on the Pacific coast,
have hardly a black mark. The war
relocation authority reports no sa-
botage and no espionage among
them, and probably a much smaller
number of minor crimes and misde-
meanors than would be found in
another group of 125,000 persons.
There are approximately 10,-
000 Japanese Americans now in
the army and probably several
hundred have been killed. The
100th Infantry battalion, com-
posed entirely of Japanese, in-
cluding many from Hawaii re-
cruited before Pearl Harbor, was
cited several times for its effee-
Only Issue
Democratic
Equality
By HARUO IMURA
Editor, The Sentinel
Many things might be writ-
ten about Heart Mountain
since its birth at 2 a.m. Aug.
12, 1942, when the first group
arrived from the Pomona as-
sembly center until the present
day, its second anniversary.
However, most of the so-called
"incidents," "situations," and prob-
lems which have caused a largely
false sense of frustration and per-
secution become insignificant in
retrospect except for one major
point- restoration of full civil
rights for nisei and equal treatment
for our loyal alien parents, who
hope desperately to make this na-
tion their permanent home despite
the laws which prevent their be-
coming citizens.
The one major problem remain-
ing is the determination by the
Supreme Court this fall of the
legality of evacuation, which was
responsible for the wholesale move-
ment-the first of its kind in
United States history-of all per-
solis of Japanese extraction. It
would be well to remember, at the
same time, that no charges were
Here Dillon S. Myer, national director of the War Relocation, looks over The Heart Mountain Sentinel and discusses made against this one minority
the future outlook with three former Heart Mountain residents. The trio are representative of the young nisei now | group, while persons of hoth Ital-
employed by the federal government in important and well-deserved jobs. They are, from left to right: Eiko "Pee- ian and German descent were al-
Wes" Nerita, employed by the Office of Price Administration; Joon Ishiyama, secretary of one of the section heads
of WRA, and John Kitasako, Sentinel columnist and foreign editor for the Federal Communications Commission.
tive fighting in Italy.
More than 1,000 Purple Heart
crosses have been won by the 100th.
The Japanese Americans now are
combined in one organization, the
442nd combat team, and 5,000 of
them recently saw action near Lo-
vorno (Leghorn) in Italy.
Nearly 30,000 Find New Meaning
For Future on Second Anniversary
Bond purchases by the evacuees,
says WRA, ranked about the same
as cther workers in the same wage
class. The evacuees receive $12 to
$19 a month for services in con-
nection with camp operation. Some
wealthy members of the centers
bought considerable blocks of bonds
from their savings.
By DILLON S. MYER
(National Director, WRA)
The completion of the first two years of Heart Mountain's history
does not provide the occasion, as it would in an ordinary community,
for the residents to look ahead to many years of civic growth, building
homes and raising families in familiar surroundings.
By GUY ROBERTSON
(Project Director)
The past 24 months has been a
period of adjustment for the peo-
ple of Heart Mountain. In the
early months of evacuation, many
of our residents were so confused
and bewildered by the catastrophe
that had happened to them that it
was difficult for them to concen-
trate on plans for their future wel-
fare. Many were so angry and bit-
ter they failed to recognize the
War Relocation Authority as a
friendly organization, designed to
help them in a difficult situation.
Some were openly antagonistic to
rules and regulations necessary for
the successful operation of a re-
location center.
lowed to remain in their homes and
at their regular trades and busi-
nesses.
Attorney General Francis Biddle
has stated that it is "doubtful" if
evacuation was legal.
The prime factor in the lives of
all Heart Mountain residents-and
every other person of Japanese an-
cestry-is not the physical and ma-
terial matters involved but the
basic, fundamental issues of demo-
cratic government.
After Bataan, in the Denver dis-
trict alone, 35 or 40 Japanese blood
donors came forward.
About 25 per cent of the ap-
proximately 110,000 Japanese
originally confined in the bar-
racks-like relocation settlements
in and west of the Rockies are
now making their own living.
They are establishing new homes
in hundreds of communities all
over the United States.
It is certain that some California
come the return of their citizens of
Japanese descent. A movement to
prepare for the homecoming al-
ready is under way in Pasadena.
But it is equally certain that
there will be objections elsewhere.
Protests against the return of the
Japanese Americans to many Cali-
fornia locations have been filed by
American Legion posts, county of-
ficials, farm organizations or wom-
en's clubs.
But this second birthday of your community is, nevertheless, a
time for you to feel justifiable
The Sentinel
Offers:
pride in your accomplishments.
During the past two years you have
successfully made personal adjust-
ments to a new kind of life in order
to bring about a peaceable, law-
abiding community where you can
live until you make permanent
homes for yourselves in entirely
normal communities.
When The Sentinel made its orig-
inal plans for an anniversary edi-
tion, its ideas were somewhat con-
servative. Since no local newspa-
per plant was capable of handling a
32-page edition, which we believed
was necessary to document in even
a conservative way the dramatic
and wholesale movement of a peo-
Many who were living in Heart
Mountain a year ago are now tak-
ing part in community life in Chi-
cago, Des Moines, Philadelphia, ple in the midst of war, it was de-
communities, for instance, will wel- Boston, New York and scores of
cided to have the newspaper pub-
lished in Denver.
People don't usually respond at
the drop of a hat, consequently
when "copy" finally started com-
ing in from all parts of the coun-
try it came in basketfulls. From
32 pages the anniversary edition
kept growing until it reached a full
40. As a result the original esti-
mates, including the cost of the
paper were knocked "galley west."
To the staff goes the bulk of
credit for the long hours and hard
work connected with such a ven-
ture. To the administration, too,
goes the credit for providing neces-
sary information and data. Reloca-
tion offices scattered here and
there, the Washington office of
WRA, the Denver photographic
unit and many others go our deep
thanks. To the artists, photogra-
phers, the copy readers we hope
that a creditable edition will repay
you for your long hours of effort
when everything was "rush."
As time went on, it became evi-
dent to most residents that the dif-
ficult problem of relocation could
be successfully solved by cooperat-
ing with the War Relocation Au-
thority whose only interest was
their welfare and the welfare of
our country and that it was possi-
ble to have a comfortable and har-
monious center life under necessary
rules and regulations. ·
other American cities and towns
where they are happily making new
homes and meeting new friends to
provide a real future for them-
selves and their children.
During the past year your com-
munity received new residents on
two occasions, first from Tule Lake
and more recently from Jerome.
The way you have made these peo-
ple members of your community is
further evidence of your ability and
willingness to cooperate for the
common good.
Today more than 4,000 of our
people are outside the center, 3,200
of them permanently relocated and
enjoying a freedom and independ-
ence that is not possible under rules
and regulations of a relocation cen-
ter. They are working in industry,
in homes and on farms, and many
are serving in the armed forces of
our country. They have taken their
place in our society and are doing
their part for the welfare of our
nation.
Previous to evacuation the nisei
and their loyal parents maintained
probably the highest standard of
any racial group.
Youths in high school, colleges
and universities on a per capita
basis were at the top of the list in
intellectual attainments while many
of them participated in athletics
and extra-curricular work. In their
home communities Americans of
Japanese ancestry were among the
leading contributors to humanita-
rian campaigns - the Red Cross,
Community Chest and other drives.
There was less delinquency
among their children than among
any other group, and during the
I want to take this occasion,
marked by an edition of special im-
portance, to congratulate the staff
members, past and present, of the
Heart Mountain Sentinel for their
devotion under difficult circum-
stances to the high standards of
American journalism for accuracy
and fairness.
Because of the cooperation, un-
derstanding and determined ef-
forts of the War Relocation Au-
thority and the evacuees them-
selves, the situation is now over
the "hump" and "on a downhill
grade going 90 miles an hour."
Faith in the "American way of
life" still is undoubtedly the strong-
est feeling the majority of us have.
In two years that sometime feel
like a lifetime and at other times
seem to have gone swiftly, Heart
Mountain has been transformed
from a wire-barricaded compound
with glaring fingers of searchlights
haunting the night to a more-or-
less typical community.
The physical aspects remain the
same with row on row of black tar-
paper barracks, mess halls and
laundry - latrine buildings bright-
ened here and there by flowers and
Victory gardens. The transforma-
tion has been more of a spiritual
nature.
Two years ago only an emerg-
ency could get an evacuee "outside"
while today any reliable evacuee
may go anywhere, except the West
coast, may seek any sort of job he
might desire.
Two years ago, (although there
were some 5,000 nisei serving in
the armed forces), hundreds of
youths were restless, bitter and re-
sentful because of the discrimina-
tion against them.
Now Heart Mountain takes pride
in its men in the armed services,
serving in all the global theaters of
We have come a long way in
two years to establish the Heart
war-and serving with distinction.
Gold stars now are appearing on
Mountain Relocation Center as an the service flags hung in the win-
efficient, economical, and harmoni-
dows of those row on row of tar-
ous unit. I attribute our success in paper barracks.
what we have accomplished to the
good sense, diligent application,
and harmonious relationship of
residents and appointed personnel.
Although Heart Mountain is only
temporary and some day will no
longer be on the map of Wyoming,
it will remain in my memory for
what was accomplished there by
difficult years of depression it was men, women and children of stout
almost unheard of to find a Japa- heart and strong faith in America's
inge name among relief recipients. |future.
Double thanks are due to Project
Director Guy Robertson for his en-
thusiasm and interest in this edi-
tion.
And, to the people of Heart
mountain, we hope you'll like zt.
THE EDITORS.
The common denominators of hu-
man life: grief and happiness and
understanding and sympathy are
welding Heart Mountain people in-
(Continued on page 7)
