Vol. III No. 33A
SENTINEL
HEART MOUNTAIN
HEART MOUNTAIN, WYOMING-SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1944
5c Within City-10c Elsewhere
Future of Residents Is More Encouraging
Hoover Lauds The Future Holds Important Plans
Evacuees
For Conduct
1
WASHINGTON, D. C.
That portion of the nation's
population which, because of
foreign ancestry, became sus-
pect when this country went
to war, has given little trouble to
its guardians.
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Director J. Edgar Hoover says the
"dollar patriots," "misery chislers"
and "horseplay pranksters," whose
American ancestry should leave no
question of their loyalty, have prov-
en much more of a problem than
Japanese, German and other Axis
nationals or war prisoners.
American citizens of Japanese
ancestry, uprooted wholesale from
their homes on the Pacific coast,
have hardly a black mark. The war
relocation authority reports no sa-
botage and no espionage among
them, and probably a much smaller
number of minor crimes and misde-
meanors than would be found in
another group of 125,000 persons.
There are approximately 10,-
000 Japanese Americans now in
the army and probably several
hundred have been killed. The
100th Infantry battalion, com-
posed entirely of Japanese, in-
cluding many from Hawaii re-
cruited before Pearl Harbor, was
cited several times for its effec-
tive fighting in Italy.
More than 1,000 Purple Heart
crosses have been won by the 100th.
The Japanese Americans now are
combined in one organization, the
442nd combat team, and 5,000 of
them recently saw action near Lo-
vorno (Leghorn) in Italy.
Only Issue
Democratic
Equality
By HARUO IMURA
Editor, The Sentinel
Many things might be writ-
ten about Heart Mountain
since its birth at 2 a.m. Aug.
12, 1942, when the first group
arrived from the Pomona as-
sembly center until the present
day, its second anniversary.
However, most of the so-called
"incidents," "situations," and prob-
lems which have caused a largely
false sense of frustration and per-
secution become insignificant in
retrospect except for one major
point-restoration of full civil
rights for nisei and equal treatment
for our loyal alien parents, who
hope desperately to make this na-
tion their permanent home despite
the laws which prevent their be-
coming citizens.
The one major problem remain-
ing is the determination by the
Supreme Court this fall of the
legality of evacuation, which was
responsible for the wholesale move-
ment-the first of its kind in
United States history-of all per-
Bons of Japanese extraction. It
would be well to remember, at the
same time, that no charges were
Here Dillon S. Myer, national director of the War Relocation, looks over The Heart Mountain Sentinel and discusses made against this one minority
the future outlook with three former Heart Mountain residents. The trio are representative of the young nisei now group, while persons of both Ital
employed by the federal government in important and well-deserved jobs. They are, from left to right: Eiko "Pee- ian and German descent were al-
Wee" Nerite, employed by the Office of Price Administration; Joan Ishiyama, secretary of one of the section heads lowed to remain in their homes and
of WRA, and John Kitasako, Sentinel columnist and foreign editor for the Federal Communications Commission. at their regular trades and busi-
Nearly 30,000 Find New Meaning
For Future on Second Anniversary
By DILLON S. MYER
(National Director, WRA)
Bond purchases by the evacuees,
says WRA, ranked about the same
as other workers in the same wage
class. The evacuees receive $12 to The completion of the first two years of Heart Mountain's history
$19 a month for services in con- does not provide the occasion, as it would in an ordinary community,
nection with camp operation. Some for the residents to look ahead to many years of civic growth, building
wealthy members of the centers homes and raising families in familiar surroundings.
bought considerable blocks of bonds But this second birthday of your community is, nevertheless, a
time for you to feel justifiable
from their savings.
After Bataan, in the Denver dis- pride in your accomplishments. The Sentinel
trict alone, 35 or 40 Japanese blood During the past two years you have
donors came forward.
in and west of the Rockies are
now making their own living.
They are establishing new homes
in hundreds of communities all
over the United States.
successfully made personal adjust-Offers:
By GUY ROBERTSON
(Project Director)
The past 24 months has been a
period of adjustment for the peo-
ple of Heart Mountain. In the
early months of evacuation, many
of our residents were so confused
and bewildered by the catastrophe
that had happened to them that it
was difficult for them to concen-
nesses.
Attorney General Francis Biddle
has stated that it is "doubtful" if
evacuation was legal.
The prime factor in the lives of
all Heart Mountain residents-and
every other person of Japanese an-
cestry-is not the physical and ma-
terial matters involved but the
basic, fundamental issues of demo-
cratic government.
Because of the cooperation, un-
derstanding and determined ef-
forts of the War Relocation Au-
thority and the evacuees them-
selves, the situation is now over
the "hump" and "on a downhill
grade going 90 miles an hour."
About 25 per cent of the ap-
ments to a new kind of life in order When The Sentinel made its orig-trate on plans for their future wel-
Faith in the "American way of
proximately 110,000 Japanese to bring about a peaceable, law-inal plans for an anniversary edi- fare. Many were so angry and bit-
originally confined in the bar-abiding community where you can tion, its ideas were somewhat con- ter they failed to recognize the life" still is undoubtedly the strong-
est feeling the majority of us have.
racks-like relocation settlements live until you make permanent servative. Since no local newspa- War Relocation Authority as a
In two years that sometime feel
homes for yourselves in entirely per plant was capable of handling a friendly organization, designed to
normal communities.
32-page edition, which we believed help them in a difficult situation. like a lifetime and at other times
Many who were living in Heart was necessary to document in even Some were openly antagonistic to seem to have gone swiftly, Heart
Mountain a year ago are now tak- a conservative way the dramatic rules and regulations necessary for Mountain has been transformed
from a wire-barricaded compound
the successful operation of a re-
ing part in community life in Chi- and wholesale movement of a peo-
with glaring fingers of searchlights
It is certain that some California cago, Des Moines, Philadelphia, ple in the midst of war, it was de- location center.
haunting the night to a more-or-
communities, for instance, will wel- Boston, New York and scores of cided to have the newspaper pub-
As time went on, it became evi- less typical community.
come the return of their citizens of other American cities and towns lished in Denver.
dent to most residents that the dif-
The physical aspects remain the
Japanese descent. A movement to where they are happily making new People don't usually respond at ficult problem of relocation could
same with row on row of black tar-
prepare for the homecoming al- homes and meeting new friends to the drop of a hat, consequently be successfully solved by cooperat-
ready is under way in Pasadena. provide a real future for them- when "copy" finally started com- ing with the War Relocation Au- paper barracks, mess halls and
laundry-latrine buildings bright-
But it is equally certain that selves and their children.
ing in from all parts of the coun- thority whose only interest was ened here and there by flowers and
there will be objections elsewhere. During the past year your com- try it came in basketfulls. From their welfare and the welfare of Victory gardens. The transforma-
Protests against the return of the munity received new residents on 32 pages the anniversary edition our country and that it was possi-tion has been more of a spiritual
Japanese Americans to many Cali- two occasions, first from Tule Lake kept growing until it reached a full ble to have a comfortable and har- nature.
fornia locations have been filed by and more recently from Jerome. 40. As a result the original esti- monious center life under necessary Two years ago only an emerg-
American Legion posts, county of- The way you have made these peo-mates, including the cost of the rules and regulations.
ency could get an evacuee "outside"
ficials, farm organizations or wom- ple members of your community is paper were knocked "galley west." Today more than 4,000 of our while today any reliable evacuee
further evidence of your ability and To the staff goes the bulk of people are outside the center, 3,200 may go anywhere, except the West
Previous to evacuation the nisei willingness to cooperate for the credit for the long hours and hard of them permanently relocated and coast, may seek any sort of job he
and their loyal parents maintained common good.
work connected with such a ven- enjoying a freedom and independ- might desire.
probably the highest standard of
ture. To the administration, too, ence that is not possible under rules
I want to take this occasion,
Two years ago, (although there
any racial group.
marked by an edition of special im- goes the credit for providing neces- and regulations of a relocation cen- were some 5,000 nisei serving in
Youths in high school, colleges
and universities on a per capita portance, to congratulate the staff sary information and data. Reloca- ter. They are working in industry, the armed forces), hundreds of
tion offices scattered here and in homes and on farms, and many youths were restless, bitter and re-
basis were at the top of the list in members, past and present, of the there, the Washington office of are serving in the armed forces of sentful because of the discrimina-
intellectual attainments while many Heart Mountain Sentinel for their WRA, the Denver photographic our country. They have taken their tion against them.
of them participated in athletics devotion under difficult circum-unit and many others go our deep place in our society and are doing Now Heart Mountain takes pride
and extra-curricular work. In their stances to the high standards of thanks. To the artists, photogra- their part for the welfare of our in its men in the armed services,
home communities Americans of American journalism for accuracy phers, the copy readers we hope nation..
serving in all the global theaters of
Japanese ancestry were among the and fairness.
that a creditable edition will repay We have come a long way in war-and serving with distinction.
leading contributors to humanita- Although Heart Mountain is only you for your long hours of effort two years to establish the Heart Gold stars now are appearing on
rian campaigns-the Red Cross, temporary and some day will no
when everything was "rush."
Mountain Relocation Center as an the service flags hung in the win-
Community Chest and other drives. longer be on the map of Wyoming, Director Guy Robertson for his en-
Double thanks are due to Project efficient, economical, and harmoni-dows of those row on row of tar-
There was less delinquency
among their children than among it will remain in my memory for thusiasm and interest in this edi-ous unit. I attribute our success in paper barracks.
The common denominators of hu-
what we have accomplished to the
any other group, and during the what was accomplished there by tion
difficult years of depression it was men, women and children of stout And, to the people of Heart good sense, diligent application, understanding and sympathy are
man life: grief and happiness and
almost unheard of to find a Japa- heart and strong faith in America's mountain, we hope you'll like
and harmorious relationship of welding Heart Mountain people in-
me name among relief recipients. future.
THE EDITORS. residents ar appointed personnel.
en's clubs.
(Continued on page 7)
