Neb Historical Society
VOLUMN XLV.
LOCAL MATTERS.
J. F. O'Donnell went to Lincoln the
first of the week.
A shipment of new books has been
received at the library.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Rasley were
visiting in Norfolk Wednesday.
Miss Gertrude Connally has entered
the Western Union Office as a student.
A daughter was born to Mr. and
Mrs. A. W. Nelson this (Thursday)
morning.
A daughter was born to Mr. and
Mrs. John Green, Wednesday, No-
vember 19th.
Miss Ida Boyer went to Norfolk
Thursday morning to spend Thanks-
giving with her sister, Mrs. T. R.
Ring.
Neil P. Brennan, who is now travel-
ing for a Kansas City firm, came home
Sunday for a few days visit with his
family.
The county board of supervisors
were in session Tuesday and Wednes-
day. They adjourned until Tuesday,
December 16th.
The post office at Stafford will be
discontinued November 29th. The
patrons will be supplied by a rural
route from Inman.
George Stannard resumed his duties
book
as traveling salesman for a
company, Wednesday of last week.
He is now working in Lincoln.
An epidemic of new radio receiving
sets has settled over this part of the
state. Radios will soon be as common
in O'Neill as a certain brand of cars.
Dr. John Gilligan came up from the
state university medical school at
Omaha, Wednesday night and will
spend Thanksgiving with his parents.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Henry and
daughter, Patty Jane, drove up from
Geneva last Sunday to visit the for-
er's parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. D.
Henry.
Miss Cassie Carr came from Mer-
riman last Sunday for a visit with the
the home folks. Her school has been
closed on account of an epidemic of
scarlet fever.
John Kersenbrock went to Lincoln
last Saturday to be with his wife, who
was to submit to an operation that
day. We understand that she is get-
ting along nicely.
Mrs. W. B. Graves is enjoying a
visit from her mother, Mrs. Jane
Buckley, of Lyons, Nebraska, who
came last Friday. She will leave for
her home Friday morning.
success.
The dance and social gathering in
the Odd Fellows hall last Tuesday
evening was a social
A
large crowd was present and enjoyed
dancing and playing cards, and also
the luncheon.
Miss Fern Hubbard came home
from the state university where she
is teaching, and spent Thanksgiving
with the home folks. Miss Dorothy
Neff, of Syracuse, Nebraska, returned
with Miss Fern.
The following officers were_elected
THE FRONTIER.
O'NEILL, NEBRASKA, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1924.
Practical Presents
For Christmas Gifts
Make the home folks happy with something that they can use. Prac-
tical Presents produce a lasting pleasure.
Copper Clad Malleable range.
Buffetts
Kitchen Cabinets
Dining Tables
Day Beds
Bed Room Suites
New Edison Phonographs
We also have the largest and most complete line of toys for the
children.
Warner & Sons
A son was born to Professor and
Mrs. E. H. Suhr Thursday, November
26th.
a more
George Thompson, of Chambers, was
a business caller in O'Neill Tuesday.
A daughter was born November
15th to Mr. and Mrs. Louis Jardee, of
Word was received by relatives in
O'Neill of the death of Mrs. Walter
Spengler, of Seneca, Nebraska, on
Tuesday night.
NO. 26.
PAT HARTY ELECTED COM-
MANDER AMERICAN LEGION
The American Legion Simonson
Post No. 93 held their Annual ban-
quet and election of officers at the
"Subway" Tuesday night with about
twenty-five members of the Post pres-
ent.
The first part of the evening was
spent in enjoying the fine banquet af-
ter which the remainder of the even-
ing was spent in a general good time
by the ex-soldiers. C. W. Conklin, a
member of the State Executive com-
mittee held the chair during the busi-
ness meeting.
The officers elected were:
Pat Harty, Commander.
Ed. M. Gallagher, First Vice-Com-
mander.
Loren Richardson, Second Vice-Com-
mander.
Executive Committee:
Geo. H. Jones.
Charles Reka.
H. L. Bennett.
Ben Grady.
G. E. Miles.
Commander Harty has appointed
Gerald Miles, adjutant for the coming
year.
Publicity officer: G. E. Miles
F. W. Rose, who is the retiring adju-.
tant, will leave this city on next Tues-
day for Albion, Indiana, was request
ed to be present at a farewell party in
his honor next Monday evening, and
a committee was named to look after
the necessary details.
Also with the close of the meet-
ing all those present paid their dues
for the year 1925, making 100 per
cent of those present, making a good
start for the membership which the
Post expects to increase over that of
last year of a total of sixty-two.
Next year the National American
Legion Convention will be held in
Omaha, and will be a splendid chance
for the ex-service men of this com-
munity to attend at least one Nation-
al Convention, so all you ex-service
men who are not now members of this
post jion now so that you will be in
standing and will be eligible to at-
tend.
FRANK CONARD.
(Inman Leader, Nov. 27.)
Frank Conard, who has been en-
MRS. CHARLOTT NICHOLL.
gaged in the hotel business in Inman
for the past twenty years, died at his
(Page Reporter, Nov. 27.)
home Wednesday morning at 2:30,
The exterior of the light plant has
Charlott McCaw was born in Port death being due to a complication of
The funeral services will
been stuccoed during the past week. Stuart.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Mellor drove to Glenone, Ireland, May 9, 1847, and troubles.
The building now presents
Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Henry and Lincoln Wednesday to take dinner died at her home in Page, Nebraska, be conducted from the M. E. church
modern appearance.
daughter, Patrecia Jane, came up with their son, Ralph, who is attend- November 22, 1924. In 1875 she mov- Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock, Rev.
Editor J. H. Welton and son, Ross, from Geneva, Nebraka, Sunday, for a ing the University. Jess will make a ed to the U. S. A. and resided a few Savage preaching the sermon.
came up from Mullen, Nebraska, last visit the former's parents, Mr. and business trip to Omaha before return- years at Knoxville, Illinois.
Mr. Conard was one of the early
ing home.
In 1875 she was united in marriage settlers of this community, coming
Friday being called here by the serious Mrs. E. D. Henry of this city.
illness of his brother, Charles, who Chambers Sun: Last Saturday
to Samuel Nicholl. To this union was to Inman thirty-one years ago, first
died the following day. Mr. Welton afternoon a fire broke out
The Woman's Working Society of born three sons, one died in infancy, settling on a farm and later moving
is editor of the Mullen Tribune.
near the the Presbyterian church will meet two remaining, Samuel and William, to town. He was born in Lycomin
Howorth ranch about eight miles Thursday, December 4th, at the home
John Donlin is quite ill at the home northwest of Swan Lake, that could of Mrs. George Longstaff, at which
reside in Page.
County, Pennsylvania, July 18, 1859.
of his son John, who resides about have been a severe question at the rate time officers will be elected for the band, who died May 30, 1904. In the with his parents to Minnesota, where
She is preceded in death by her hus- At the age of nine years he moved
twenty miles north of O'Neill. Mr. the wind was blowing. John Kennedy ensuing year. They will also arrange community she ranked always as a he grew to manhood. He was mar-
at the meeting of the I. O. O. F. lodge Donlin is thought to be the oldest man came very near loosing his buildings. for their annual Christmas sale which woman of culture, sympathy, a kind ried to Miss Sarah Maust, May 4,
Wednesday evening: Wm. Swigart, in Holt county, having passed his About 100 stacks of hay burned. The will take place December 13th. A full neighbor, a devoted mother, a true 1881, at Preston, Minnesota, coming
N. G.; Ira Moss, V. G.; J. C. Harnish, ninty-fourth birthday last June.
fire was headed off near Swan Lake. attendance is desired.
friend and withall a woman of heroic to Inman abount thirty-one years ago.
Secretary; J. S. Ennis, treasurer; H.
The fire whistle sounded last Fri- The old time dance given by the
mold, in bravely meeting the stern re- To this union were born five children,
J. Zimmerman, trustee.
day forenoon announcing a fire in the O'Neill ball team, at the K. C. hall GEORGE MEALS DIES
quirements and often disappointments Plenny, Wesley, Lottie, Raymond and
alley behind the Tom Enright soft last Friday evening was a great suc-
FROM INJURIES RECEIVED of life.
Elias, two of whom, Lottie Thomp-
drink parlor. A large number of cess socially. The dancers were sup-
The ever ready helping hand will son and Ray Conard together with
tumbleweeds were burning, and with a posed to "come hard and look hard".
high wind blowing, it was feared that From the report of the affair the
be missed, not only in the home, but the mother, survive to mourn his loss.
In a letter from Romaine Saunders, in the entire community.
His brothers and sisters living are
the fire might spread to nearby build- next morning we gather the infor- of Lincoln, to J. C. Harnish of this
Mrs. Nicholl has been a faithful Robert Conard, Inman, Nebraska;
ings.
mation that it would be hard to beat city, he tells of the death of George member of the Presbyterian church George Conard, Meek; Mrs. Mary
The W. C. T. U. met at the home the good time enjoyed by all that were Meals, at his home in Lompac, Cali- since a child. She leaves to mourn Newberry and Mrs. Ella Judd, of In-
this morning. We are informed by one of Mrs. E. F. Roberts Tuesday, No- Dr. and Mrs. L. A. Carter, Mr. and train last Sunday and died the follow- her loss, two sons and a large circle man, and ten grand children. The
of the local weather prognosticators vember 18th, More should attend these
that there will be ten snow storms this good meetings. The next meeting Mrs. C. J. Malone celebrated their wed- ing day. Mr. Meals visited with his
winter.
enjoying the will be held at the home of Mrs. Lila ding anniversaries at the home of Mr. many O'Neill frends only a few weeks
fourth one of the series. Let us hope Loy on Tuesday, December 2nd. Each and Mrs. Malone Tuesday evening at ago.
that our advisor knows his stuff, and one come prepared to repeat a verse seven o'clock dinner especially arrang-
that each will be a moderate one.
The eight months old child of Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Kloepper, residing
on the Gallagher ranch southeast of
town, is suffering from a badly burn-
ed mouth the result of getting into a
can of lye Tuesday morning.
Snow began falling about ten o'clock!
We are now
DON'T
SPEND
IT
ALL
from the bible about Christmas.
This May
Mean You
You often hear people say-"I
wonder what's the best thing to do."
Many things sound good that have
no chance of success.
Why not let us talk over these
things with you.
This bank carries no indebtedness
of officers or stockholders.
Resources over $600,000.00
Che
O'Neill National
Bank
there.
fornia. Mr. Meals was struck by a
ed for the occasion. Mr. and Mrs. O'NEILL-BARTLETT ROAD
Malone were married on November 25,
1895, while Dr. and Mrs. Carter were
not married until November 25th the
following year.
APPROVED AS A
FEDERAL AID PROJECT
The Frontier is pleased to announce
Inman Leader, Nov. 27: Ralph to its readers this week that the
Leidy lost his chicken house and 140 O'Neill-Bartlett road has been ap-
chickens early last Monday morning proved as a federal aid project.
when the building caught fire from a
building was just recently completed ST. MARY'S ACADEMY
lamp in the chicken brooder. The
and the loss is keenly felt by Ralph
who has been diligently laboring for
the past year to get a start in the
chicken business.
PUBLISH SCHOOL PAPER
The Frontier put out the first edi-
tion, Monday, of "The Prairie Star,"
V. R. Jones expects to leave with the new school paper that will be pub-
his family the latter part of the week lished each month during the school
for Hudson, South Dakota, where he year for St. Mary's Academy. The
will be engaged in the grain business. publication is four pages 11 inches
Mr. Jones informs the Frontier that wide by 15 inches long and is edited
he expects to return in the spring and by the following students:
install the amusement park as orig-
inally planned providing that the
financial conditions are such at that
time as to warrant the investment of
several thousand dollars.
This is international radio week.
Most of the American broadcasters
are off the air from ten until eleven
o'clock central standard time, in order
to let the listeners of this country
pick up the foreign countries. Phil
Editor-in-Chief-Vera Madsen, '25.
Assistant Editors:
Marie McLeod, '25.
Agnes Carr, '25.
Joyce Kent, '25.
Gladys Ryan, '25.
Helen Ryan, '27.
Alice Hoffman, '28.
Business Mgr., Loretta Ryan, '25.
Assistant, Kamilla Uhl, '25.
Ziemer picked up a German station, NEWLY MARRIED COUPLE
also a station in Switzerland, last
night. A number of the American
broadcasters have been heard in for-
eign countries this week.
EXPERIENCE DIFFICULTIES
ON MATRIMONIAL BARK
The matrimonial bark of George
County Agent F. W. Rose will Barnes and Miss Frances Slaymaker
sever his connectionn with the office of Holt county is threatened with de-
of county agent of Holt county and, struction in a petition filed in district
with Mrs. Rose, will leave next Tues-court Monday afternoon by Wesley
day for Albion, Indiana, where K. Slaymaker, father of the bride.
he has been elected as their county The young couple eloped to Bonesteel,
agent. Mr. Rose came here about S. D., on Nov. 8, and were married. The
two years ago and has made many bride who is aged 17, was taken from
friends both in the city and among her husband immediately on their re-
the farmers with whom he has been turn to Nebraska, by her parents. The
closely connected by virtue of his bride's father is a prominent ranch-
office. Mrs. Rose is almost a stranger man residing south of Stuart. The
in this city but during her short resi- bridegroom's father, E. T. Barnes, re-
dence here has made many warm siding north of Emmet, also is one of
friends who will regret that Mr. and the large ranch operators of the
Mrs. Rose are leaving the city.
county.
of friends.
sympathy of the community goes out
Funeral services were held from the to the family in their hour of sorrow.
Methodist church in Page, conducted
by Rev. H. H. Todd.
A son was born to Mr. and Mrs.
Interment made in the Page ceme- Edward Friedel, of Stuart, Monday,
tery.
November 17th."
System
Counts
In everything, systematic proced-
ure wins. Hit and miss tactics always
fail.
This applies with equal force to
saving money. Save systematically.
Put away a stated minimum amount
every payday, or every so often, and
the rapid accumulation will surprise
you.
On our books are many successful
people who save regularly-in good
times and bad-and most of them
started with only one dollar. You can
do it, too. We pay 5 per cent on
savings.
The Nebraska State Bank
