_JERGES 3 REIOCAT ON CENPER'S | SEI

TRANSFER DATES RELEASED |

Seheiule of the goneral transfer novements from this Project to the Rohwer, Granada,
Gila and Heart iounteain Relocation centers wes releasqd today
The consolidate! scheiule of train trips follows;
FROM TIME OF DLPAXTURE TO TIME OF ARRIVAL NUMBER OF PERSONS
derane June lo, SG aeme cart Fountain June 14, 71:00 Dome
Jorome . dune 13, S aeme Gila River June 15, 3:00 pem.
Jerome dune 17, 1 »reme- Granada June 184 6:00 peme
Jorcune June 18, Daeme Gila Xiver June 20, 3:00 peme
Jerome June 20, 9seme Gila River June 22, 3:00 nome
Jerome June 23; Qaeme Giles Kiver June 25, 3:00 peme
CONSOLEDAYED SCHUOUIZ OF MOTOR. TRIPS PO ROWER
Jerome June 14, 3 peme ohwer Conter June 14, 4:30 pome
Jercme June.15, $3 neme Aohwer Corter June 15, 4330 pom.
Jerome dune 1€, 3 peme Rehwer Contcr Jume 16, 4330 peme
Jerure June peme _ Rewer Conter June 19, 4:30 vome
Jerome Juns Peme Rohwer Canter Jume 21, 4:30 nome
Jerome June Deme Rohwr Center duns 22, 4:30 pete
Jeyone June pewe Kohwer Contor June 24, 4:30 petie
Jcrore June | “eee Rohwer Center June 26, 4:50 peme
Jerome Jume 2 peme Kohwer Canter June 27, 4430 nome
Jerome dune 2 Qeme Rohwer Center June 28, 4:30 ry “ =
necessary “nouscho d a arena effects
TENTATIVE TRANSFER STEPS meintain them for 30 to 60 days in view of
& breakdown reveals thet there will be transpértation and otKer administrative
one traig trip esch to Heart Mountain and difficulties that will necessarily be in=
pe four train »ovements to Gila River. vélyed in transporting their property sepe
10 metor trips to Rohwer. arstely. Limit hand baggage to necessities.
Meanwhile, *preseesins" of the preferense 8. FROIGRE SHIPHSNTS--All furniture and
rogquosts, Ferm ‘“hA-331 (Pamily Prefereme other property cf the transferees in their
Reques& for Conter Transfer) is ourrently barracks apartments or stored in the Jerome
being Given deep consideration and stuiy. Conter werehouses will bec crated and trans-
Tontgtive transfer procedure follows; portec to .the Center of destination upon
de GRANSFLER HOPICUS--After "prossesing* presentation of request (Form WRA=-156) by
cefttp-prefsrense statements cach individ- the transferees to the Projest Director or
ual or family head,as the si.ss may be,will] his designated reprusentatives.
be notified of his or their Conter of des=
tination and the time cf the scheduled dew FRAIN. MOTOR MOVEMENTS
parture from this Projeot. 9. TRAIN HOVAMENTS--Under proper escort
Ze HOUSING ARRANGOMSTS--Tho Centers of e&ch train will include coaches, diner oars,
destination are expected tc send reprssente kjtchen cars, barsage cars, evacuees Pulle
atives to the Jerome Project tefere the omns, sscert tourist sleencers anc railway
actual transferg have starts< and the tramse dinor,.
ferses will be notified cf the quarturs ase 10. “VACULE TRAIN WORKERS=«They are for
signod to them in the Center cfdestinatione Coaches: Onc train monitor, nine coach sap=
Se PACKING AND CRATING-eUnder the direce toins, nine car mothors, two KePe super=
®ion cf a WRA prefessional supervisor, # visors, 12 kitchen police, two head waitcrs
locally trained evacuce crew will undsrtake and 12 waiters or waitresses and for Pulle
the packing end crating, where noeded. mans: Two cooks and six cook helpers tc
4, TRANSPONT..TION TO h/.1LAsDe-Arrangee work alternately.
ments will be mace whereby trucks and other ll. KOTOR CONVOYS--Zash of the 10 motor
Wehigies will pick up the transforees from convoys to Rohwer will be ocmposed of pase
thei? ‘barracks ‘loostions with their hand gongsr trucks, passenger cers, ambulanéte,
luge and tranepert them t the railhead. trucks-for baggage and heusehold goods,
5. HINGe=-Ypoy arrival at the raile wreckage an’ tow truck and escort yehicles
head thy zersons to optrgin will be ine 129 CURTERS OF DESTINATION--Their part
struched te go to the car gear the stgndard im tho transfer sperations include housing
esr the placard with the letterofthe assignments for the Jerome transferess,
oar (A,B, etee) in which they ere te ride. aprengement for induction an? empleyment
6. ROLL CAlj-dfter theovacuecs are sogte of transferees and receciptof their freicht
e@ in tho cara, the car monitor together end baggage snd also previding riders fer
wisn tho reoresontative of the escrrt came the train and moter movements.
mapéey will maks a head check and name 136 PAY AND CLOTEING ALLOWANCES@aAccrued
cheek of the evacuces seeted in that care work vay ant clothing allewances will be
7. TRAIN BLGGLCBTransferees are advised sent to the transferees at their new ade
4 to sarry with them, as hand-bagcacge and dresses in the Center of destination.
\checintts bagcerce, sufficient clothing and COOPERATION OF ALL IS ESSENTIAL.

