| | | | | | | |

? oe Ne
\ % Ft 4
OUR MOTTO—“IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO MEND.” aarti
Established 1887 Stillwater, Minnesota, Thursday, November 27, 1924
and two souls, crowded together in log whole little colony, in its best buckled
houses behind the tall stockades, feeling shoes and high hats, with blunder-busses
safe only in their nearness to each other. across square shoulders, sallied forth from
The first Thanksgiving feast, held in the stockaded homes through snow to the
the fall of 1621 was not made know by a __siittle log church, there to give thanks for
formal proclamation. The colony was too the freedom of their stern lifes.
small to need such a notice, but the cir- Outside, the Indians crouched behind
cumstances under which the celebration fir and beeches, watching and wondering,
was held are told in Governor Bradford’s and slowly began to understand that there
history in a way well worthy of quota- was room for them and for the pale-face,
tion: too.
“They (the colonists) began now to Twelve years later, the colony had
gather in the small harvest they had, and grown so much already, that a formal
to fitte up their houses and dwellings proclamation seemed necessary. Thé first
; against winter, beeing all well recovered one was issued on October 1, 1633, and the
in health and strength, and had all things Thanksgiving celebration was held two
in good plenty: for as some where thus’ weeks later, October 16th. Connecticut ap-
M employed in affairs abroad, others where pointed a day in 1639, and annually after
BS By Mr. F. G. H. exercised in fishing aboute codd, and bass, 1647, except 1675. The Dutch in New
Bhd wana and other fish, of which they tooke good Netherland, set aside a day in 1644 and
HANKSGIVING Day did not  gtore, of which gccasionally there- THE PURPLE CORD
_ in the United States, every family had | ww | afinii- Dating he speak’ ge ee
ut days of thanks have been their portion... & : war of Indepen- (All Rights Reserved)
set aside for some special pur- And now begane | | dence the Conti- oneme
poses, many centuries ago. to come in store | | nental — congress Cuapter VIII (Continued)
Days for giving thanks were of foule, as win- | | appointed one or RE you asking me to aid you in
known to the Israelites and are ter approached, of 1 | more Thanksgiv- finding the assassin of the man
mentioned many times in the Bible. 8 which this place i ' | ing days each whom we both knew as a
were not uncommon in England before did abound when # Py aual r £ year, except in friend,” went on Lee Fu Chang,
the Reformation and among the Protestants they came first, | November Coat of Arms | ison Ther, on after rapping the clotty from
afterwards. but afterwarts de- | N es | October 3, 1789, his pipe, “and, to a certain
The first Thanksgiving Day held in creased by de- | ovember has a coat of arms | the new President extent, I may be able to do so,
North America was conducted by an Eng- grees. And_ be- | No king's could grander be; | of the new nation, but please do not look to me to take an
lish minister by name of Wolfall, in 1578 sides water foule, It beats the finest specimens | George Washing- active part in your campaign, for I shall
on the shores of Newfoundland. The there was great % Of ancient heraldry A p ; F ton, set aside be compelled to decline. As'I said, it is
a paster accompanied the expedition zeder gtgre of wild | Upon_a shield. af pumpkin pie | Thursday, Nov. not 4 watier for the police. I-aced net
Frobisher, who brought the first English  TTurkies, of which | — hues of brown and gold | 26, 1789 as a day _ tell you gentlemen that they would be
colony to settle on those shores. The they took many, | ps lozenges of cranberry sauce | of national thanks helpless, even if they were to instigate
earliest record of any observance of a besides vension, | nd chicken casseroled. | and again in and carry out a genuine attempt to ap-
similar kind, within the present territory . etc, Besides they | A roasted turkey couchant on | 1795 he called the prehend the slayer of Gordon Malcolm.
of the United States, was held by the had about a peck | A table there is seen, | country together, I may say that I have no intimate knowl-
Popham colony, settled at Lagadahoc, on 4 meale a weeke # With quarterings of potatoes mashed, © to give thanks, edge of the deed, its commission, or its
ee the coast of Maine, in August, 1607. to a person, or | And celery white and green. | among other perpetrator. Had I been in possession of
But the real origin of Thanksgiving, as pow, since har- | And apples red, and pretty girls | things. For the the certain knowledge that he was to be
a day set aside for the purpose of prayer yest, Indeancorne | The flour for crullers sieving, | signal and mani- removed, I should have given him warn-
and rejoicing must be attributed to Gover- _ to that proportion. And at the top the legend scrolled | fold Mercies, and ing, not in person, but through some chan-
nor Bradford of Massachusetts. Those Which made | Jn letters bold “Thanksgiving.” } the favorable In- nel known to the two of us.
early settlers had been such absolute many afterwards j —F, G. H. # terposition of His “However, being in constant touch with
Christians, that they could not even bear write so largely ESO Sh oe ee TTS TE OR een i Providence in the the little world in which I live, I have
any suggestion of an earlier creed. They of their plenty course and con- an inkling as to the slayer’s identity, nath-
objected to Christmas as “heathenish” just here to their friends in England which clusion of the War... . for the peaceful jing more, nothing definite. This I am not
¥ because it contained—as it still contains— | where not fained, but true reports.” and rational manner in which we have at liberty to disclose to you. In the eyes
is too many relics of pre-Christian days. Just imagine us modern folks boasting been enabled to establish constitutions and of the men who ordained Gordon Mal-
Le \ Having done so, they turned right around abcut our plenty under the stimulus of a governments for our safety and happyness.” ¢olm’s death, if we are to accept surface
Piel and picked the most thorough pagan of all “peck a meale a weeke to a person,” plus Washington it might be deducted from jndications as overlying the real motive
celebrations, that of the gathered harvest, such game as could be trapped, or shot above was a nationalist, with no ledning for the deed, it was not murder but just
and made out of it an institution, that with flint-lock firearms. But this is only whatever towords state sovereignty, and retribution, and, from their viewpoint,
has grown and spread for three-hundred a point of view, but one thing is sure; always ready to make his preferences they are in the right. As for Occidentals,
years. They went back to a festival, Governor Bradford and his braye com- known, in prayer as well as in other they would not, and could not, uhderstand
which has been held ever since man began __ panions, did know more of the basic busi- ways. An instance of this frankness oc- why the pilfering of an image from a
to plant and gather crops; but they made __ ness of living, then we do today. curs in the above mentioned proclama- temple should be punishable by death.
of it something ‘more modern, Christian, Wonderful hearts had our Pilgrim tion, where he asks the people to pray But both of you gentlement are, to a cer-
-and at the last—American. They gave a_ fathers and for steady, cheerful courage, heaven, “To protect and guide all Sov- cain extent, Easternized and you can un-
religious character to a celebration, which. the Pilgrim colonists never have been sur- ereigns and Nations, especiall such as derstand that it was not so much robbery as
w for ages has been one of purely material passed. have shown kindness to us.” sacrilege. While I find myself unable to
jollification and made it a part of the Governor Bradford in his account of President Madison at the close of the place you upon the trail of the person
: community’s public policy, which three the Pilgrim’s first Thanksgiving, does not War of 1812, appointed a day to give selected as the emmissary of retributive
hundred years of changes and develop- give us a menu of the dinner but he often _ thanks. justice by the guardians of the temple, I
ments in this country, have not been able refers to the wild turkeys as one of the In New York state from 1817 on, the can prevent you from lesing valuable time
to change. luxuries of the colony. However, John festival was annual. following a blind trail. Ask of me that,
That little band of self-exiled, de- Fosslyn, an English traveler and natura- In some of the southern states a na- | beg you, and respect my reasons for
veted Christians, crossed the stormy sea alist, who visited New England in 1638 tional Thanksgiving day meet with strong reticence in other regards.”
in the Mayflower and landed at Plymouth and wrote an account of its “Rarities,” opposition as a “relic of Puritan bigotry,” Lawrence put a question which had
Rock on December 21, 1620. Their first says: Cranberry or bearberry (because so utterly at variance with the “Cavalier been trembling upon his lips for several
winter in the New World was one of bears used much to feed upon them) is ideals” of the scuthern colonists but in 1858 moments to Lee Fu Chang. “Was it the
great suffering, marked with famine and a small trayling plant that grows in salt proclamations were issued by the gov- work af a Tong?”
hardship, and it was in 1621, the fall fol- marshes that are overgrown with’ moss.  ernors of 25 states and two territories. The old man glanced at him. briefly, and
a lowing the landing at Plymouth, that the The Indians and English use them much, There is a wonderful inspirational side his heavy eyelids flickered.
tae Pilgrims celebrated their first Thanksgiv- boiling them with sugar for sauce to eat to the day set aside through three hun- “Possibly,” was his guarded answer.
* ¥ ing Day. with their meat.” dred years of American history, a day Kent’s first question was more to the
: Back from the rocky coastline of Mas- And so it was, that the first day of a expressive of a nation’s gratitude in which point. The gray-faced Celestial centered
sachusetts, a little colony of one hundred organized Thanksgiving was set. The pessimism should have no place. his attention upon the in- (Page 2, Ool. 2)

! | — | | |
