ROCHESTER LADIES ANTI-SLAVERY
SEWING SOCIETY
Extensive inquiries having been made of
some of the members of this newly organized
society concerning its principles, ends, aims
and objects, the Indies who comprise it beg
again to present the constitution of the so-
ciety to their friends and to the public in
general. They also wish to draw special at-
tention to the 7th article, which indicates, in
plain terms, the course they design to pur-
like the anti-lavery associations in Dublin,
Belfast and in Cincinnati, they have
their stand on independent ground.
anti-slavery advocacy, without refer-
its coming from Garrisonian or
aberty Party"
CONSTITUTION OF THE ROCHESTER LADIES'
ANTI-SLAVERY SEWING SOCIETY.
Whereas, Slavery is an evil that ought not
to exist, stud is a violation of the inalienable
of American Independence; and
Sory and do adopt the following
FREDERICK DOUGLASS' PAPER.
Now Mr. Thompson is the last man in the THE MORE FAVORABLE CONDITION OF THE cal compromise, which, infamous as it is, has
WHIG PARTY.
placed Mr. Fillmore beyond the reach of
his enemies, who are obliged to honor him
Last week I sent you the remarks of the for it, how much soever they are convinced
persons in Alleghany County, who had never further on the subject that I yielded the to
Frederick Douglass' paper. heard of Frederick Douglass, nor of his fugi- request to speak in the Chapel connected world who should expose, in strong terms,
"ALL RIGHTS FOR ALL!"
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 16, 1851.
Liberty Party Nominations.
FOR PRESIDENT,
GERRIT SMITH, of New York.
FOR VICE-PRESIDENT,
freedom and human advancement.
A 2-Its object shall le, to raise meeting was so strong, that I did not feel at
funds for Anti-Slavery purposes.
liberty to refuse to speak. Mr. Cole accompan-
Trasan, Sconetary, and six Directresses.
fortnight, at half past two o'clock 1'. M.
make an efient cammities, elusen by
ACLE The appropriations shall be
vote of the members of the Society.
ALE -The duty of the President
shall be to preside in all meetings of the
A
President
ABLE-It shall be the duty of the
Jean a tharada. Fie
In passing from Belfast to Friendship,
(a distance of 8 or 10 miles.) I had an
opportunity of seeing something of the
mountains.
paso
young.
good people assembled.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
LIBERTY PARTY."
T
The same as
1.
at
now
were divided
To the Whig Officials of Syracuse.-If the
law on us.
The Pen-
are escaping from them, and are concentrating
If them.
TION OF PARTY.
Shall the pen
State Convention, more explicitly avo
in the West, and an effort to find a prope
must true men do now. And what better
tireship. I was, therefore, a bran new article, with the Academy in the evening, where the absurdity and duplicity" of the Liberty
and was observed with unusual eurosity. In again I had a full house. In Alfred I was Party." It does not look well in a member
Nile, as elsewhere, I took occasion to hold up most kindly and hospitably entertained by of the British Parliament, who has sworn to N I. Times, exulting at the more favorable of its wickedness, and who, at this moment,
the wicked pro-slavery position of the Lords, the Rev. M. Hull, a Seventh-day Baptist support the British constitution, with its ano- condition of the Whig party, for the reason
Lathrops, Spencers, Tyngs, Deweys, Coxes, minister. I found the people of this de-malies, and who has labored as hard and as that the abolitionists had deserted it, and are bearing him through city and country i
all the pageant pomp of earthly glory-
Sharps and Stewarts; and to my surprise, I nomination generally anti-slavery in senti- long as Mr. Thompson to convince the peo- had entered the Democratic party. They There was a time when a one-idea party a
found the people so simple-hearted, as to ment, and disposed to co-operate with me ple of his constituency that it was for their caused distraction in the Whig party; they the theme in the mouths of Whigs and
cause distraction in the Democratic Democrats of constant scorn and contempt
doubt even the possibility that ministers of in my efforts to promote that sentiment interest and political well-being to elect him to
the gospel could have uttered the vile and through the country. The students at the that high position, now to deal in the lan-party. The Whigs were now united and pre and now, all who really feel the scorn and
sue and they desire further to state that, CHARLES DURKEE, of Wisconsin. Rev'd Divines have no boldly and squad of Seminary nearly exhausted my box of books, guage of self-righteous scorn towards politics. pared to enter the Presidental contest all in contempt which such a party justly u
so boastfully and I came away feeling that I had left the "He exposed in strong terms, the absurdity
proclaimed. "And have not these ministers good seed of anti-slavery sown in good and duplicity of the Liberty Party." He and engaged in that contest amidst discord against them the most intense indignation, not
ALLEGHANY COUNTY.
merely for their "one-idea" position, but
been dealt with?" said a friend to us as he ground. The hope of the slave is in the did, eh? Well we should like to have ant counsels, principles and passion.
How poorly did the Times foresee what a for such an idea as they have selected to form
My anti-slavery tour in this county is com- hung his head in doubt. "Dealt with!" said young. W need have little trouble with heard him. "The absurdity" is bad enough.
prepared to welcome straight for pleted. I have visited during my absence I; "they are the chief stars in the crown of the old pro-slavery people of the county This "absurdity" is a thing of a man's think-day was to bring forth! Had it known that an issue upon. Had it been a tariff, or public
from home, ten towns; delivered fourteen an-
American divinity, the very pride of the if we can gain the ear and heart of the ing; but the charge of "duplicity" carries the Whig party, too confident of the success improvements, or national bank, or the like,
ti-slavery lectures; disposed of numerous anti-churches to which they belong." The read-
The moral sense of the latter is with it the implication, of weakness hypocrisy, of the Albany compromise, and of the settle-upon which the issue was proposed, it had
slavery publications, among them, about ing of the pamphlets which I left there, will keen, their sensibilities are more alive to and corruption; and the Liberty Party is ment of the slave question by congress, was so been more endurable; but the issue is, al
soon to be shattered by the tragedy at Chris- the settlement of last winter remain, come
one hundred copies of the able speeches of doubtless do much to open the eyes of this the inhumanities of slavery, and they have guilty of neither, "The absurdity and dupli-
Gerrit Smith on "Civil Government," and unsophisticated community of Seventh-day more courage to grapple with questions of city" of the Liberty Party in this country, are tiana, and the earthquake at Syracuse, and will of the parties
on the United States Constitution; obtained Baptists to the guilt and corruption of the reform, than those who have settled down precisely what "the absurdity and duplicity" the attempt to cover with the bloody code of the North become slave-hunters and
a large addition to my subscription list; and great mass of the American Church and content with things as they are. Alfred of Mr. Thompson were when he acted with treason all forcible attempt to secure free-catchers, and yield themselves to th
rights or minn, as net forth in the Declaration I trust, have done something to widen and Clergy. Still accompanied by my friend Mr. Centre is about one of the finest locations the British Abolitionists for the overthrow of dom for ourselves or others-could the Times business of seizing our citizens and return
have foreseen these events, it would never ing them into slavery without a trial and s
deepen the interest already felt by the peo- Cole, I pressed forward through rain and for a school that could possibly be selected. Slavery in the West Indies.
ple of that county on the subject of human mud, to my appointment at Cuba. Whether It is not surpassed in natural beauty by the when he acted with Messrs. Cobden, Bright, have published that article. The explosion out relief? Shall we permit the black
Whereas, the National Constitution was
it was the dull weather, or the associations world renowned Dunkeld in Scotland. There Wilson, Thompson, and other distinguished at Syracuse especially was like a clap of bloody wave of slavery to roll
adopted by the people of the United States
To say that I am gratified by my visit to which surrounded the name of the place, I are lofty hills on all sides of it, most of them politicians in promoting the election of men
thunder in a clear sky. No leading Whig Mexico and Utah, and wherever else the
to establish Just provide for the common Alleghany County, is but a feeble expression knew not, but I felt that it must be a hard covered with forests. Such a place in Eng- to Parliament who were in favor of the or Democrat that we have heard of was so widening boundaries of the United States
Defensure Domestic Tranquility, and
seque to tam-elves and posterity the bless place of my first appointment.) I was warmly found that at least, was supplied with numer-ground by the genius of either country. It for none other.
of my feelings. On arriving at Belfast, (the community, and on arriving at the Hotel, I land or Scotland would be made classic Abolition of the corn laws, and would vote imprudent as to aid in the rescue of Jerry will allow?
welcomed by my esteemed friend, A. N. Cole ous worshippers of " John Barleycorn." This is just the phce to "teach the young idea plicity" of "the Liberty Party" are pre- in concentrating the elements of the Whig base side of the issue. The Hanker
"The absurdity and du- The glorious deed was the act of the people.
The Whig and the Democratic parties
Nothing had so happy and instant effect this State without a blush, have embraced the
Where the perpetuity of Slavery in of Basswood Cottage, a man distinguished for served by no means to heighten my estimate how to shoot."
cisely what Mr. Thompson's "aburdity and
ste, deprising one portion of his kindness of heart, and his intelligent de- of the character of Cuba, especially when I
of the inestimable blessings of votion to my oppressed and hunted people. heard among the topers, "that's the nigger for the first time during my visit to Alle-of the East India Company," according to
From Alfred I went to Almond, and here, duplicity" were when he became a director Party, as the following handbill which was Free Soil factions have had their compre
circulated through the State the day after and made their settlement, by which, for t
gress violation of Justion and Owing to the bad state of the roads, I failed that's going to lecture here to-night," together ghany, I found that pro-slavery sectarianism his own showing a most heartless body,) in
the rescue of Jerry.
sake of the offices, they have agreed to sta
ngers the Domestic Tranquility to reach Belfast in time for the meeting of with some narrations, touching the mobo- had been sufficiently strong to bolt the doors order that he might reinstate the dethroned Whig party attempt to force the Fugitive by the administration and its monstrous
de undersigned, ladies of Roch the afternoon on Wednesday, the 1st October, eratic demonstration of Rynders, and his of a church against me. The Baptist church "Rajah of Sattara," and otherwise advance Slave Law upon Syracuse by the aid of the measures, and have together embraced t
ner to do what we may that Sia and the meeting in the evening had been gang, at the Annual Meeting of the American was undergoing repair, and the Presbyterian the political interest of India.
Law of Treason, then let the rallying ery be same side of that single issue, and only dit
he abolished, and that the blessings given up, from an apprehension that I should Society in 1850.
"DEATH TO THE WHIG PARTY!"
But says Mr. Webb: "He showed that the alties of the Fugitive Slave Lav are bad the head of the villains who have enacted
rts may be sured to all the people not reach there; and although it was quite
church refused to admit the meeting. The
in the amount of honor they would pile
Mr. Cole and I were not a little relieved, conduct of the committee in this matter was Liberty Party has repeatedly fallen to enough, without adding to them the infamous
of this favored land, de form our-elves into dark when I arrived, the friends bestirred when we were kindly welcomed to the house not less a mistake than a wrong, since there pieces." If he attempted to do this, "he death penalties of the law of Treason.
The Whig party at its State Cen
a Socity, under the style and title of themselves, obtained the Methodist Meeting of the Rev. Z. Smith, the Baptist minister, in is sufficient regard for free discussion in Al- showed" what was not true, since there has this is done to accommodate the party invention adopted the compromise made a
www ArtY NEWS house, circulated the notice from door to whose meeting-house I lectured in the even-mond to detest the narrow spirit of intoler- been no such repeated falling to pieces of power-the Whig party-which alone can do Albany, which definitely and distinctly
door, throughout the village, and a meeting ing. Mr. Smith is one of the few young min-
it because it is in power-then let every braces the administration and its monstres
ance by which that conduct was dietated.the Liberty Party, as alleged. The reasoning Friend of Freedom, of whatever party, de-
was soon obtained.
Weary and worn with isters of our country, who have not studied My meeting was held in an old school-house, which would condemn the Liberty Party, be-nounce against the Whig party, the penalty measures, and the Democratic party, at
Auris This Sety shall be called my journey, I was not in a state to lecture Christ as the author and sanctifier of oppres- and, uninviting and incommodious as it was, cause of the apostacy, even of a majority of of Death! It is a Traitor to God and man,
Un Rochester Ladies Anti-Slavery Sewing
it was filled by a refined and intelligent
isfaction to my hearers; but the desire of the prayer for the "deliverance of the captive and audience. Many of the members of the "the American Anti-Slavery Society" itself. the Country. The President is a Whig, his Indeed that was the only subject of discus
officials here who have the charge of this sion in each, and that the only matter, in fact,
the opening of the prison to them that are church condemned the act of closing it, by for its whole history has been marked by matter in all its parts are Whigs. The Whigs agreed on, and there lay the worthless and
bound." My meeting here, though not large,
and of this City only are responsible for any
ALE -The ofheers of this Society ied me to the church, bearing a part of my was highly encouraging. The feeling evinced giving their presence and their countenance withdrawals, separations, divisions
to my meeting at the school-house. I was schisms. The statement that the Liberty attempt to stretch the necks of the People miserable parties, in all the blackness of their
chall mast of Fridot, Vice President, burden of pamphlets, and introduced me to by the hearers, was that of horror at the introduced to the meeting by my good friend Party " has no principles of cohesion," is vir- for resisting efforts to enforco this hellish crimes, in the same guilty bed together
the meeting. His brief speech was suited to enormity of slavery, and the brutal inhuman- Mr. Hull, who, I found, is a man highly es- tually saying that it has no principles at all. mands on them-We also put our commands
The President has put his com- What wonder, then, that there is a breaking
Autism The beery phall meet once a the occasion, and was listened to with obvi, ity of "the fugitive slave law." It was in teemed in that neighborhood, and whose re- for, if it have principles held in common by on them--and if they touch the hair of any of away from those tyrannical and heaven-lated
find sits on a my little experience, I Cuba that that traitor to God and man, Mil-buke of the pro-slavery spirit which shut the its members, they form the cohesive bond of our heads, for treason in this matter, then parties in New England and at the West
There of win to the find that it is of no small importance to the lee- lard Fillmore, did but a few years ago stand up doors of churches against the advocate of union; and we think that if the Liberty Party let every friend of freedom hate the Whig What wonder at the convention lately bel
membership of the Society shall be the pay- turer in a strange place, to be introduced by before the people, and avow his utter abhor- the slave, fell with telling effect upon the have no other than the principle of human party, and hurry it to Infamy and the Grave
a person favorably known. I felt that I rence of slavery, and slavery extension, as a
The leading Whig paper of this State, the
I was joined at Al- freedom to bind it together, it e uld not be V. Y. Daily Times, which is got up on pur- platform for the friends of civil governmen
At ille funds thall be increased had this advantage in Belfast; for, how means of winning the votes of the people of mond by my friend Giles B. Stebbins, who, honestly affirmed to be destitute of the co-pose to defend the new Whig Compromise at to rally on? What wonder when the p
Istivals Fairs, Ace, as the members may Cole in his anti-slay may diner with Mr. Alleghany County. I wonder if, in his inglori in company with me in the evening, adhesive element. As to the "liability to temp- Albany, has already sounded the note of of government are directed against law, and
Cole in his anti-slavery views, I believe all ous career of kidnapping, and issuing procla- dressed a large meeting. Mr. Stebbins spoke tation" to which the Liberty Party is ex-
alarm. He says the attempt to construct liberty, and right, that good and true mercare
ARTICLE 7-The funds of this Society agree that he is a man of estimable qualities, mations against the men who were merely
treason upon a resistance to an officer in at-
shall be devoted to the diffusion of Anti- in all the relations of life. My meeting in putting in practice what he himself, but a few
on the present aspect of the anti-slavery posed, heaven help us all, (including even our tempting to enforce the Fugitive Slave Law, studying to find the national and true foun
Plavery Sentaments by means of the Press Belfast ended by the appointment of another years ago, taught, he ever thinks of his politi-
cause with much point and effect. I found friends, Webb and Thompson, who, if we has already weakened the force of that law.dations of society? So did our fathers where
driven by political persecution in 1776, and
and the Lecturer to the relief of the suffer-in the same place for Friday night, Oc-cal perambulations over those hills, and of at Almond a warm and an intelligent friend mistake not, have, in their war upon the Lib- The reaction has commenced, and adds:
"The Philadelphia officials who made the what little occasion had they to do so to
ing Fugitive, and for such other Anti Slavery tober 10th. I was welcomed to tarry for the his hypocritical harangues in favor of princi- the house of Mr. H. Halbert, to tarry for the yielded to the temptation to serve a party, found, notwiths anding their success with the what we have: They plunged into the
in William Hyde. I was kindly received at erty Party, not only been tempted, but have blunder are already rather sick of it. They
night, under the hospitable roof of Mr. Trus- ples which he now denounces as treasonable!
company with A. N. Cole, to Friendship. called upon to elect him President? It may tour in Alleghany County.
dale, and on Thursday morning, I set out, in Will the South trust this supple tool, when night. Friday and Saturday I revisited Bel- the expense of the cause of the Slave. That Grand Jury, that every chance is adverse to philosophy of human rights, and brought
fast and Rushford, and thus completed my an Anti-Slavery moral sentiment must pre-a conviction for the crime they have thought forth the immortal declaration of
where a meeting was convened in the Baptist but in so doing, it will elect a man who aided
code Anti-Slavery legislation in this country, proper to cary in the indictment: and they which is now and ever must be a bright
fear as we do that the cowardly murderers of in their crown of glory, "all men are
Church, for that afternoon.
is understood by no men better than by the Gorsuch are likely to elude punishment in con-
Milton Clarke in his escape from his master,
members of the Liberty Party; and to be sequence. It is to be regretted that their line fure equal and entitled by their Creator to the
and who has denounced slavery with as much
Society, to appoint the place of meeting, and
outward appearance of scorn and indigna- R. D. WEBB--GEORGE THOMPSON AND "THE gravely told it by Mr. Webb, as a flash of of action had not been more advisedly same inalienable rights." As they did then,
new light on the subject, is simply amusing. adopted, or could not even yet be abandoned.
to have a general oversight and direction of
tion, as was ever evinced by a Northern poli-
We publish this Bill, because we learn that foundation to rally upon, or for a country to
The assumption that the Liberty Party is some whig officials in this city, are attempt-rally upon, than that broad principle laid
wealth and beauty of Alleghany County. The tician. This Fillmore actually succeeded in
In a letter dated Bristol, England, from silent on the "sin, disgracefulness, and folly ing to procure the arrest of some of our
to The Vice President shall wealth consists in its pine forests, and its making the confiding people of Alleghany
down by our fathers! It is the platform of
THE ENEMIES OF THE FUGITIVE
peram the duties in al-chee of the beauty in its lofty hills; some of the latter fall believe that he was an abolitionist!! and this the gentleman first named, to "the Editor of Slavery," may be swallowed readily enough citizens on pretense of Treason.
the Liberty Party. How different from the
SLAVE BILL, WITHOUT DISTINC-
but little short of the dignity and grandeur of shows how completely he has mastered the of the National Anti-Slavery Standard, we by those who know nothing of the character
fugitive slave law and its kindred measures
Alleghany is, indeed, a county art of demagogucism. But let Fillmore and see painful evidence of a determined effort of that party; but will be rejected, as utterly
which cover the settlement of the last win
of hills and valleys which I trac
Thor ing in any his old anti-slavery speeches in Alleghany
on the part of Messrs. Thompson and Webb, unfounded, by those who witness, without pre-
The Anti-Slavery Whigs in Syracuse imter! O let us get away from the old parties
In what (we would ask Mr. Webb) Mr. Fillmore in Syracuse and left them alone
mediately zeured from around the agents of to a new one upon the basis of righteousness
proaching to a plain, but it presents to the eye, those speeches only serve to deepen the de- with "the Liberty Party," of this country, cates.
from its loftiest points, a multitudinous array testation of the honest people of that County in an absurd and ridiculous position before is the Liberty exceeded? Where is the in their glory. Those agents are the Presi-|
Auris 12-I shall be the duty of the of variously formed hills and peaks, mostly against the sycophant.
British philanthropists. What private griefs organization whose course is more uncompro-dent's appointees, the United States Attorney
keep an accurate account of the covered with trees, the beauty of the latter From Cuba, myself and friend proceeded these gentlemen have, alas! we know not; mising, and whose testimony to Anti-Slavery Lawrence, the Marshal, who are obliged HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE, O
the city, being greatly increased by the rich hues of on Saturday to Rushford. This is a neat vil- but one thing we can affirm, that Mr. Thomp- truth is more consistent, straightforward, and to lean against the throne, and catch Slaves
What body of men are more and persecute their neighbors, or lose
This number is very attractive, and the
A visit to Alleghany for the mere lage, beautifully situated, surrounded by a son's course, in this respect, wears an aspect stringent?
reader is sure of variety.
purpose of enjoying its scenery, and drinking fine farming country, and the people, both of exceedingly ungraceful, and unmagnanimous: bold in their exposure of the pro-slavery offices.
Among the con
A-It-hall be the duty of the from its crystal streams, would quite repay the village and vicinity, gave many indica-
for to our certain knowledge, he had no hypocrisy of the Church, or more faithful in But it is not in Syracuse alone that the Abbot's life of Napoleon Bonaparte
tents that possess considerable interest, are
Directress to make all purchases, and the lover of nature, and the seeker of health. tions of thrift.
Among those who received more unflinching friends when in this country, their dealings with the two great pillars of Whig party is thus arraigned. The division |
Ma
to cut and prepare all the work for the Most of the pine timber that comes to our us here, I gratefully mention Mr. Searl, Mr. than were the faithful band of abolitionists, Slavery, the Whig and Democratic Parties has gone through the State.
rice Tiernay," by Charles Lever; and M
When here, Without disparaging the American Anti- Whigs and presses have been forced by this Edward Bulwer Lytton." Several of the
Anti-Slavery Novel or Varieties in English Li, by he
As -Each member of the Society dotted all over its valleys, and so profitable been given, and a large meeting was convened Mr. Thompson neither despised their sym- Slavery Society, (for we have no heart, even overaction of the great Whig head at Wash- original articles are of considerable men
market, is from Alleghany. Saw-mills are Gillman, and Dr. Sill. Extensive notice had designated "the Liberty Party."
shall be responsible for the completion of is the lumber business, that many of the men in the Methodist meeting-house.
Copathy nor their money; and it is not a when thus provoked, to turn must still any ington, to array the sight each and the present number well-ustain its p
little strange that he should, so soon after part of the brotherhood,) we must still say. Government. No party papers fight each
engaged it, think it more for their interest to do not remember ever to have held in so
ARTICLE It shall be the rule of the buy their produce, than to cultivate their short a time, so many meetings in churches, his return to his native land, exert his mag- that the Liberty party is not a whit behind other with greater passion and bitterness
Society that the upper consist of tea, bread lands, of which they have abundance. Tim- and I hail the fact as a cheering omen, in nificent oratorical powers in the work of that organization in the stainless purity of its than the Hunkers and Free-Soil Whig papers
and butter, one kind of plain cake, and one ber is to Alleghany, what gold is to Califor- these dark and perilous times. I was a guest
principles, in its fearless enunciation of truth, of this State. The two factions of that party
Any violation of this article nia, and these must be exhausted, before for the night in the house of a good old Gar-
It is to be hoped, however, that the friends and in the firmness with which it maintains stand out in their distinct and hostile colors.
there will be much cultivation of the soil in risonian friend, who had recently removed of humanity in England, will weigh well the itself against seductive influences at home, The Compromise at Albany was all "Frost-
Mus. 8. D. PORTER.
either. The cleared lands of this country are from Ohio to Rushford. On Sunday, the statements and reasonings of Mr. Thomp- and unfounded reproaches from abroad. work;" it dissolved the first moment a negro
excellent for grazing purposes. Sheep, cat-5th, I had a meeting in the Independent
son before they condemn a Party, the stand- Mr. Webb asks, with apparent sim-stood for liberty. It disappeared with the
tle, and horses, flourish here in abundance, Congregationalist Church at Hume, the min-ard bearer of which is GERRIT. SMITH of plicity, "what is then to prevent the Liberty breath that pronounced the penalty of trea-
and farmers are famous for their rich cheese, ister of which, invited me to the pulpit, and Peterboro-a name that needs the prefix party from putting forth some exposition of son upon the crime of trying to be free.-
and sweet butter. We predict that in time, told me with off-hand frankness, to "take my of no adjective to commend it to the love their views, that shall recommend itself as Gar- The prophesy of the Times perished like an
We always welcome this magazines t
table. Its name is significant.
we shall have milk all the way from Alle- own course." I took him at his word, and I and admiration of Philanthropists through-son's does, to every enlightened conscience, chich untimely birth. One question only may com-
Its object
ghany, sold from door to door in our streets. may add still further, that I left him no cause out the world.
is unbiassed by sect, and undimmed by selfish-bine the voters of the Whigs of this State at the criminal, and the elevation and restor
mainly, the amelioration of the condition
It will be brought to our city by the Roches- to say I did not use my freedom. I tried, to It appears that, at the meeting in Bristol, ness?" Most innocently put, barring the the coming election. That is, the canal tion of the fallen sons and daughters of hi
The members of the Society earnestly
ter and Pittsburgh railroad, and its sale will the extent of my ability, to expose the guilty (of which Mr. Webb furnishes the Standard crookedness of the sentence!
We must re-question. On the Presidential question
desire that it may prove a source of much be no small source of revenue to the hardy participation of American ministers and with an account,.) Mr. Mathews, the Free gret that there is too great a resemblance in the party is already irretrievably dismem-manity. The editor, Mr. Spear, is now
usefulness to the great cause it designs to farmers of the hills of Alleghany.
churches in slavery; and judging from the ap- Mission Baptist from the United States, took the reception given to the expositions of the bered.
They, therefore, make a strenuous I found at Friendship, an audience assem-pearance of the audience, many went away, occasion to explain the claims and merits of Liberty party, and that which has hitherto at-
appeal in its behalf to all the liberal friends bled to hear me, such as is seldom gathered to regretting they had heard the exposure. Men the Liberty Party. Mr. Webb says, "he (Mr. tended the exposition of Mr. Garrison. There Until lately we never did believe Mr. Fill-
sppressed humanity, both at home and bear an anti-slavery discourse, and such an often hear truths, with so little disposition to Mathews) was followed by Mr. Thompson, must be few "enlightened consciences" left in more and Webster could make their threat who desire the reformation of the j
abroad, and they call use them for aid in one, as it was a pleasure to address. Alive practice them, that they experience about the who took his arguments and statements to this unhappy world, if those only are so who good, to wit: "The execution of the fugitive
their present efforts to free the slave from with interest, frank, intelligent, there was no same sensation as the inebriated man may be pieces, and exposed, in strong terms, the ab- assent entirely to the "expositions" of Mr. slave law shall be the issue for the next Presi
his chains, and to succor the fleeing fugitive trouble in making the assembly understand supposed to feel, when aroused from his slum-surdity and duplicity of their political enter- Garrison! "I have seen Gerrit Smith's letter," dential election."
The Society purpose having an anti-slavery any point which I deemed it necessary to en-bers by the ray of the sun falling upon his prise under the name of Anti-Slavery action, says Mr. Webb. We should like to know Democratic Hunkers of this city and state
entertainment, together with a sale of goods. force. On the question of disobedience and eye-lids. At Hume, I spent the night at the as compared with the onslaught of the Abo- WHICH? for Gerrit Smith has written many put themselves upon that issue, in face of the
in the course of the coming winter, of which resistance to "the fugitive slave law," in the house of Mr. N. W. Skiff, to whom I feel in- litionists upon the selfishness and hypocrisy letters on the subject of slavery, during the popular feeling here and elsewhere, we did
persons of the detestable herd of man-hunt- debted for his hospitality, and liberal dona- which form the true corner stones of the sys- last 18 or 20 years, and if they could all be believe they would soon find they were left
ers now prowling about the Northern States, tion. From Hume, Mr. Cole took me to East tem of Slavery. He showed that the Liberty collected, they would not fall short of filling alone in their glory. But strange to say, the
the Treasurer, Miss Porter, 10 the feeling seemed unanimous, and left no Allen, and to the home of a farmer named Party has repeatedly fallen to pieces-that it up friend Webb's garret, in Dublin.
We are administration has succeeded; and, however
Pouth Sophia St.; the Vice President, Mrs. hope for kidnappers in that region. DEATH Benjamin Franklin; and Franklin himself has no principles of cohesion-that it is liable glad that Mr. Webb does not pretend to have disgusting, odious, and even contemptible,
To KIDNAPPERS, is by no means an unpopular could not have possessed a manlier heart, nor to all the temptations by which mere politi-read Gerrit Smith's "letter;" he only speaks Mr. Fillmore and Webster made themselves
sentiment in the neighborhood of Friendship. a more cordial spirit, than the Franklin of cians are apt to be betrayed from the path of having "seen" it. The sight of it was in the opinions of all right-minded men,
There is something in the very surface of the East Allen. I shall long remember my visit of truth and consistency-and that until the doubtless enough for him. He saw enough they have fully succeeded by the dint of
country, full of the inspiration of liberty, and to this plain old farmer's, as one of the most American people are indoctrinated into a
to convince him, that both "Mr. Smith's let- official and pro-slavery party influence to
manly virtue. I hope that the great South-pleasant and instructive, which I made in Al- sense of the sin, disgracefulness and folly of ter' and Mr. Spooner's treatise, are ponderous fasten the above issue upon the country.
GIVE YOUK PATRONAGE-Our estima-ern New York and Erie railroad, while it leghany. At this point, I and my traveling Slavery, it is vain to expect them to legislate arguments." We agree with the letter of The question is not now whether this or
be done fillos zen. Lewis Hayden, has may bring prosperity to the doors of Friend- companion, Mr. Cole, separated, with regrets upon it. Garrison's doctrine is so simple this conclusion, though we may dissent from that party shall succeed in choosing their Fancier, and we give the advertisement
removed his Clothing Establishment to 76 ship, and its vicinity, may not also introduce on my part, and good wishes on his. To him and luminous that he who runs may read its spirit, for we believe the arguments to be candidates. But the question is, "shall the aim and object with pleasure
Cambert Me he has fed up an impure and diluted sentiment, and a I feel mostly indebted for the success of my What is, then, to prevent the Liberty Party not only weighty, but unanswerable. "Eng- fugitive slave law be forced upon the citizens
adding to his cellent assortment of Cloth-deadened moral sense to a community now so meetings. He planned them, and I did much from putting forth some exposition of their lishmen" may not be quite as clear in mental of this country?" When this atrocious law public with confidence as to its merits
ing, a good variety of Hats and Caps of the keenly alive to the appeals of justice and hu- to awaken an interest in them through the views that shall recommend itself, as Gar-vision, as some of us apprehend; still we can- was first published, the instinct of the North such a book, that it was much needed, stay
newest fashions-all which he will sell at manity. I scattered many pamphlets here, county, by causing them to be advertised, rison's does, to every enlightened conscience not believe, with Mr. Webb, that it is difficult broke out in a loud expression of indignation were taken to procure its compilation
very low prices. There is no one more and obtained several subscribers.
dessing of encouragement and aid in his
with suitable comments, in the county paper. which is unbiased by seet and undimmed by to make them understand the necessity and against it. It spoke before the discipline of arrangement, by one fully competent to
task; and it is confidently believed
be, or more worthy of confidence and From Friendship, Mr. Cole and I started On Tuesday afternoon a meeting was ap- selfishness? I have seen Gerrit Smith's Let-appropriateness of political action in this party had time to modify its expression or there is no similar book now extant, w
war than Mr. Hayden. Formerly a slave for Nile, a village whose inhabitants are pointed for me at Granger. The Methodist ter and Lysander Spooner's Treatise. But country for the abolition of slavery. Indeed, stifle the honest feelings of the people.- so much useful matter pertaining to
in Kentucky, but now a freeman by purchase mainly Seventh-day Baptists, a denomination Meeting-House was filled with an audience they are ponderous arguments. Who can we found it difficult to make "Englishmen" un- From present appearances the scene has en- most beautiful Cage Bird, the Canary,
well as natural right, he has behaved, ever
since his residence in Boston, in a manly and more numerous in Alleghany County, than in evincing an earnest desire to hear. I ob- take them in? Even Frederick Douglass' derstand how slavery could be otherwise abol- tirely changed, and in respect to party pros- found at so low a price.
Everything needed by the bird fanet.
upright manner vincing the very noblest any other county of the State of New York, served in the congregation a large sprinkling transcendent ability was unable to master ished. The philosophy of infusing a correct pects, there is a great reason to fear the just enable him to pair, breed, raise and treat
or of the United States. Their little Chapel, of English faces, and learned, upon inquiry, them until he had sat for a long time at the moral sentiment into the government, by and honest indignation which originally de- favorite pet is here mentioned in the
than for to a liberal share of an exceedingly neat little building, was filled that the farmers in that region were mostly feet of the Liberty Party Gamaliel; and I means of voting for good men, and against nounced the fugitive slave bill, is extensively plain simple manner: and every one ha
with a quiet and tidy-looking congregation. from England. These English farmers re-fear that now, with all his talent and with the bad ones, has been too often advocated in Eng- allayed.
to do with, or wishing to raise these harm
Mr. Cole, who had before lectured in the tain their national peculiarities with real help of all the zeal that converts feel, he will land by George Thompson, Esq., M. P., not to It is a most unexpected result, after the nious songsters should possess a copy, as
writer has employed John Oliver to do the Chapel, felt at liberty here, as well as in Bel- English tenacity, and among the number, find it very difficult to communicate his con- be pretty easily comprehended throughout reflection and experience of so many months, price is nothing in comparison to the in
usual job work of Carpenters, and found him fast, to introduce me to the meeting. He al- their English abhorrence of slavery. Long victions to any of those who are not already the realm. If, however, "Englishmen" need that both the Whig and the Democratic
a neat and capable workman, accomplishing luded to my experience as a slave, and ran may they remain true to the oppressed! In fascinated by the American passion for poli- further light upon that subject, let them at parties not only embrace the fugitive slave
much in a short time. Those acquainted
with the proudice against which the colored over the narrative of my life with as much the evening of Tuesday, I had a small meet-ties. However, although Mr. Mathews is a tend Mr. Thompson, in one of his election- bill and its execution, but the entire settle- or THE STATE OF NEW YORK.-The State C
mechanic has to contend will see that job ease and familiarity, as if he had been a com- ing at the house of Benjamin Franklin-zealous advocate of the Liberty Party, he eering campaigns through the Tower Ham- ment whose terms were so intensely odious vention ordered me to furnish the State
work must be his main reliance. If we would panion with me in the sufferings of the South- Here, as elsewhere, my remarks were listened will not succeed in convincing many in these lets, and if they are not then initiated, we at first, as well as the administration, for no for the Liberty Party of this State at the
induce the colored man to attempt the me- ern prison-house. His exhibition of me as a with manifest attention and good feeling. On parts of the stability of its moral foundations shall unite with the haters of England, and other reason than that it originated and ing election.
chanic trades, and tias elevate himself and chattel, reminded me of some of the best per- Wednesday afternoon, I held an excellent or of the straight-forwardness of the assump- call John Bull a stupid fellow !!
carried through those black, infernals chemes. therefore that all who are not provided with
drown the prejudice that blights his race, we formances in this line, of my old friend, meeting (the largest of the series) at Alfred tions by which it is bolstered up. It is diffi
should be particularly careful to heap all the
We venture to say that if the character of them will inform me by letter post paid-b
little patronage that lies in our power on James N. Baffum, who had a large experi- Centre. There is here a flourishing Semi-cult to most Englishmen to turn their atten-
SORROW AND IMPATIENCE.-It is important Mr. Fillmore's administration is to be judged if convenient send along a contribution to
those enterprising individuals who load the ence of the sort in his sojourn with me thro' nary, under the direction of Prof. Kenyon. tion to the complicated political movements of to make a distinction between sorrow and im by those measures, it is at this moment the pay their part of the expense.
Let any Abolitionist, then, who needs the British Isles. It was a little amusing to This Seminary has students to the number the United States, or to make them under- patience. We may feel sorrow without sin; most popular administration that has ever
be introduced with so much reference to my of two hundred, about all of whom attended stand how they can be made use of to much but we can never feel impatience without existed in this country.
sin. Impatience always involves a want of
being a fugitive from slavery, supposing the my meeting in the afternoon, the school be- purpose for the abolition of Slavery, until submission; and he who is wanting in sub- stickler for office, or dependent for popu-
fact to be so generally known, as scarcely to ing adjourned for the purpose. At the close the nation has been aroused and enlightened mission, even in the smallest degree, is not larity in either party, dare wag his tongue. Michigan who belong to the Method
W. P. need reiteration; but it is easy to find scores of of my lecture, such was the desire to hear to the enormity of the system."
perfect before God.-Inquirer.
Its crowning act is that inhuman and diaboli- Church.
Secretary
and to perion all did correspondence Autumn.
connected with the same
Treasure Miss PORTER.
Mas Tak Wi
M PARD
advance.
Directress
due notice will be given.
Miss WILDER,
Miss Aviary,
Miss ADAMS.
Donations in aid of the Society are re-
Weddle, corner of Exchange and Glasgow
Streets and at the North Star Office.
By order of the Committee.
JULIA GRIFFITHS, S.
one of the hadsomest shops on the street-
the public patronage-Liberator.
ENCOURAGE
MECHANICS-The
way.
a carpenter, remaner and he has she
No. 33 Friend street, slate at
the Anti Slavery Rooms, 21 Cornhill, all
orders left on which will be promptly at
tled to.-Liberator.
their disparagement.
J. T.
eir
When the Whig and
-J. T.
tation.
LITERARY NOTICES.
LITTELL'S LIVING AGE, Nurabers 3, an
Are, as usual, filled with valuable variety
Biography and History, Travels by Land
Sea, Political and Literary articles well
piled, combine to render the "Living A
an important, and almost indispensable w
to the friends of progress.
PRISONER'S FRIEND, Oct.
England. His "notes by the way," conth
ing as they do, his account of a
several of the Ragged Schools" of Lot
will be perused with gratification
delinquents of that metropolis. We
sincerely glad of Mr. Spear's introduei
Lord Ashley, (now Earl of Shaftsbury
Iwe deem that nobleman to be an exc
embodiment of true, honest-hearted. Br
philanthropy. We wish the Editor of
Prisoner's Friend" all prosperity while
The Canary, and other Foren and Dome
his mission of mercy.
Birds. Giving fall instruction for the man
ment and feeding-the proper treatment of t
young, &c.-carefully compiled from acti
edge and experience. Rochester-Pub
This is a nice little book-a cheap
book-and a useful little book for the
G. W. Fisher
The following work is presented to th
Believing, from the frequent inquiries
mation it contains.
To THE MEMBERS OF THE LIBERTY PARTY
The time is short.
JOHN THOMAS
Against it, no
SYRACUSE, Oct. 12, 1851.
There are 726 Indians in the State of
