VOL. IV.NO. 43.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
JOHN THOMAS, Corresponding Editor.
SPEECH OF GERRIT SHITH,
Liberty Party Concen
Frederick Douglass' Paper.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1851.
TRUTH
ta Balo, September 17, 1861, when telligence, comfort, and happiness, which are He hung upon the cross? Then it was, how- gitive slave law does anything but reconcile fear a true one:
ng Resolutions sere under dis
ved. That righteous civil govern-
ensable agency for blessing
rld; and that every political
not identity itself, openly
with ach government, is un
vil govern-
its subjects, and
thin its reach: and
the policy of remov
gleeting another, and of
portas of as subjects
another to groan under njustice;
mplistical it disowns the
moving one evil by means which
petuate other evils, and of
subjects of the
nity and we all
only em reform, and save,
razel and sin ruined world.
Lange is, she, neverthe
tattoos Christianity
to the universal law, that, where-
blessing.
5th. By means of its wars, its standing
armies and navies, and its fortifications, gov-
ernment impoverishes, and demoralizes, and
wastes its subjects.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS PAPER. stance, in our own, government is itself the duty; and equally complete is our success,
great land monopolist, and withholds from, whether ten millions, or ten thousands, or
or sells to, the people what is the people's simply ten persons go along with us. It is a
I would here add, that, so long as sad spectacle, when a good man's faith be-
land monopoly prevails, the masses will, be- comes so weak, that he shrinks from a minori-
cause robbed of their land, be poor; and so ty, and construes a minority into a failure.
poor, that "poverty's unconquerable bar"
Who was ever so successful, as Jesus Christ?
will be interposed between them and the in- and when was He more successful than when
their due, and without which life itself is no ever, when, by having done his last duty and
"finished" his word, he had reached the
3d. Notwithstanding the right to buy and highest success-then it was, that His dis-
sell freely is a great and obsolute right, gov-ciples all forsook Him, and that truth was
ernment does, nevertheless, by means of its left in a minority of one. Strictly speaking,
unnatural tariff's, invade and annihilate it. truth is never in a minority. God is, always,
4th. Government permits men to traffic in on its side; and He, of Himself, constitutes a
intoxicating drinks, and, thus, to manufacture majority. For the like reason, all, who iden-
paupers and madmen-paupers, who burden, tify themselves with truth, are in majority.
beyond endurance, the industry of the sober. But, I must close. In the light of the
and madmen innumerable, who revel in truth, beauty, and value of righteous eivil
burnings and murders.
government, how defensible, needful, impor-
tant is the Liberty Party! The object of
this Party is to realize the just idea of civil
government, and to secure to the human
family the blessings of impartial and right-
6th Government compels one generation eous civil government. Alas, how greatly
to pay the debts of another, and fastens does our own nation need blessings! Alas,
upon the innocent men of the present day how greatly do the other poor bleeding and
the mountain delts, which were wickedly crushed nations of the earth need them!
contracted by their ancestors, centuries ago. Give to all nations righteous civil government
I need not multiply my accusations against and christianity, now so obstructed by un-
the spurious civil government, which afflicts righteous civil government, will, then, travel
every nation.
Those I have now brought triumphant through them all. Give to all
against it, suffice to show, that such govern- nations righteous civil government, and then
ment is the heaviest curse under which earth the heart's desire of the land reformer will
be realized, for, then, there will be no land-
Now, what must be the effect of such less: and, then, the heart's desire of the
government on the mass of its subjects but temperance reformer will be realized, for,
to make them ignorant and base and wretch- then, there will be no dram-shop: and then,
ed-what less, in a word, than to make the the heart's desire of the anti-slavery reformer
elevating and christianizing of them impossi- will be realized, for, then, there will be no
bie, so long as such government is allowed slaves: and then the heart's desire of the
advocate of peace will be realized, for then
And, yet, the great mass of christians up- there will be no war: and, then, the heart's
hold such government! And even they, desire of the advocate of woman's rights will
who have the care and control of missionary be realized, for, then, justice will be done
make progress by undertakings, uphold it! How absurd, that both to man and woman. Come that blessed
progress. Wit, however, in the advocates of such government should be day! Come quickly!
much as unrighteous engaged in sending forth missionaries to
unrighteous civil govern evangelize the heathen! The very thing
hyms of pressions that most needed to get the heathen into circum-
and the oppressions that it prac stances, in which they can be reached by the
the intellect, and stupeties and truth, is the subversion of their oppressive
the soul of the wronged and robbed civil governments. But if the missionaries
mass and which nourishes in are like those, who send them, (and this is to
bose the spirit of caste and be taken for granted,) they will rather sympa-
group of selfish and haughty allee thize with these governments than seek to
and which, thus unfits all, both the subvert them. The celebrated Swartz kept
and the low-the high, because of their himself on good terms with the oppressive
and the low, because of their abject governments around him. Even when these
riving christianity It is a mis- governments were at war with each other,
take that christianity is adapted to all classes they were at peace with this idolized mis-
a conlition and thed she can prospersionary. What, however, of the fruits of his
anong slaves and among slaveholders. She labors did these withering governments leave?
It is true, that, Almost nothing. When he had passed away,
can proger among nether
among bath, she may, here and there, make and another band of missionaries had come
But we eat, that she can pros to the scene of his labors, scarce an evidence
per among neither er home and theatre could they find, that he had ever been
of her triumples are among neither the rich there-scarce a trace of his triumphs was
nor the por, the oppressors or the oppress left.
The runstanes preterred by Agur, How great and urgent, then, is the world's
equally removed, as they are, from the pride need of righteous civil government!-and
the one hand, and from the ab how small the prospect of speedily obtaining
joet dependene of poverty on the other it!
just ated and spurious civil governments of
the earth produce Blanation, however,
with a righteous government-with a gov.
ment which will maintain impartially all
rights for all and its happy subjects will, in
ach other in wealth,
to a dene, there must be
case, the tools must be
work. It would be warranted
in supposing it pe ible for christianity to use
sleald be warranted in say-
ing then, she would do more
W
by the
, that christianity must have suita-
ble tool to work with Poor tool, however,
must stand spurkan civil government
b for hers and her work! Neverthe
that tool, por its commended
of her professed disciples:
for they do tansive use it, and they
Mullatly refuse to card it, and to use
position, that this will never be
and saved world, until christians shall
make of righteous civil government. It
is not cough, that day shall refram from
and bills are counterfeit.
a tiod-given right-and over-
its sway over them?
While
inmates.
WHOLE NO. 199.
After
We were certain
Soon
Com
THE LYNCHING OF A WOMAN IN DOWNEVILLE, THE NATIONAL LIBERTY PARTY CONVENTION. MRS. FARNHAM IN CALIFORNIA-A San Fran
The Buffalo Advertiser, a paper from which
CALIFORNIA.
cisco correspondent of the N. Bedford Mer
the confession had not been expected, has
We insert in our paper, to-day, the resolu- cury, gives the following description of a lady
the following very truthful commentary upon
The San Francisco Picayune thus com- tion, held at Buffalo.
tions of the Liberty Party National Conven- known in these parts:
the effect of the operation of the fugitivements on the hanging of a woman at Downe- we have not yet found time to examine them ham.
We do so, although "In Santa Cruz, I called on Mrs. Farn
slave law in this section:
I found her not at home, but met
ville in the mining district. It presents a with that attention which we admit to be there a Miss Bruce, who received me kindly.
"It is evident that the operation of the fu- sad picture of morals in California, but we due to all resolutions emanating from so re- and not only kindly, but familiarly, simply
the people of the North to slavery.
spectable a source. That last adjective, we excusing Mrs. F. for being absent on a field
they acquiesce in the necessity of sustaining
have used in what we conceive to be its legiti- where she overlooked some work.
the laws of the country, living in all good A party of drunken men, reeling home after remember to have read several biographies, of rich veins, of course without medically
What are the circumstances of the case?-mate, rather than its popular, acceptation. We some conversation, where I struck a number
faith with their political brethren and main-
taining the guarantees of the Constitution, in which a female resided, and insulted the to be "the son of poor but respectable highly educated Scotch woman, and learned
a debauch, forced the docr of a private house, in each of which the subject is pronounced bleeding them, I discovered that she was i
their hatred for the peculiar institution' is
increased by every recapture of a fugitive in the woman a prostitute. Of this outrage no disjunctive conjunction should ever have been setts, and an Irishman, were in partnership
The house was not a brothel, nor parents;" and have often wondered, that the that she, with another lady from Massachu
their midst."
notice was taken, but the party returning for so employed by persons professing them- with Mrs. Farnham-something like a Fou
May we expect Southem men to be wise the vilest of purposes, and insulting the wo- selves to be disciples of One whom all Chris- rierite association.
in time to save greater trouble to the country man with the grossest epithets, her Southern tians believe to have been hard pushed for of the garden, Mrs., from Massachusetts
Miss Bruce had the care
than it has yet seen. The people of the blood boiled over with indignation, and in a comfortable lodgings. The members of the the housework, Mrs. Farnham of the fields,
free States have no intention or wish to act moment of passion, she seized a knife and in- Liberty party, though led by a man as afflu- and the Irishman of the hard, coarse work
aggressively; and their conviction, founded flicted on one of them a mortal wound. For ent as he is great, are generally poor in purse. The farm is delightfully situated in the
upon education and habits, should not be dis- this she was taken to the cross-roads, and and poorer in numbers. But there never boson of a green hill covered with wood.
regarded and trampled upon by the rough publicly hanged!
executors of the slave lav. So long as the
was a more respectable party. There never close by a running stream, and a little mill,
Now, we venture to say, that had this old was another political party, of views at once with a prospect over the shore land of Santa
Southern planters can retain their slaves, woman been an American instead of a Mexi- so universal and so philanthropie. It is scarce Cruz, and a glimpse of the Bay of Monterey
there should be and will be no interference, at can had she boasted of white blood, as they necessary to say, that we do not accept all The country there is beautiful, romantle
loast none that should slam them or greatly call it as though the caste of a woman, if it the principles of that party; and our course and idyllic at the same time.
annoy them. But when, through the effect affected her case at all, should not have demonstrates our non-acceptance of some galed by a glass of rich milk and some fruit,
of ill-treatment, or from a longing for free- tended to make her executioners more leni- of its measures.
dom, the slave escapes, he should not be pur- ent-had she been of the Anglo-Saxon race, to be worth the examination of every live Truce gave us the direction.
But we conceive all of both and being anxious to see Mrs. Farnham, Miss
sued beyond the boundaries of the slave instead of being hung for the deed, she would man and woman, and are sure, that many of our mules, passed a shadowy, poetical path
We to
States. This we think would be the wisest have been lauded for it; and instead of an either will be heeded by every such man through thick wood, flower bushes, chesnuts,
course to pursue, say nothing about the ques- account appearing in the papers of a horri- and woman. The most distinguishing meas and some highly aromatic shrubs and ever
tion of right-though we believe a slave has a ble murder by a Mexican woman, every pressure of the Liberty party is that of going for greens, and saw a group of people, consisting
right to steal himself if he can. Our laws on in the State would have rung with acelama- all things, at once, or at the same time, in of a ploughman behind a heavy plough drawn
this point are less humane and liberal than tions for the heroic conduct of a female, or the political sphere; which it very correctly by four oxen, led by a boy, and comman-led
those existing in Poland in the thirteenth the determined defense of her virtue by a calls, going for the establishment of a right by a lady, whip in band.
century. It was one of the provisions of the lady in the mines."
laws of that country regulating serfdom, that which condemned this unfortunate woman, ure impinges against a fundamental law of help first looking into a book which we dis
It was not her guilt eous civil Government." We think the meas- we were right, and dismounted, but could not
in a case a serf ran away from his master on but her caste and Mexican blood.
account of ill-treatment or discontent, the
progress. By that law, only one thing, or ex covered near by, which proved to be Miche
Of her trial we know not how to speak.-ceedingly small number of things, at a time, let's history of the Roman Republic.
latter should have no right to reclaim him; We know of no terms which are capable of is possible of realization.
but the slave was obliged to restore any prop- expressing the horrible, the savage brutality
we were in the presence of the group
erty belonging to his master that he had ta- of it.
But we do not, therefore, say, with the pliments were exchanged. Mrs. Farnham
ken away in his flight. This was liberal and the men who tried her needed no testimony: the efforts of such a party as the Liberty a Massachusetts calico bonnet with a short
Of course, the witnesses were sworn: herd of politicians, that no good can come of apologized for her dress, which consisted of
just,-protecting the rights of a class so they thirsted for her blood, and the form of a party. We believe, that much good has come tunic and wide pantaloons of the same stuff,
greatly dependent upon their absolute mas- trial was an impediment to their desires, of it. It is an eloquent preacher of great over light boots. She said she was not alle
ters, and acted as a check upon the cruel tem- which they cursed as they hurried through it. truths. It is a political "John the Baptist, to do anything in the long frocks, when go
PERPLEXING CASE OF SLAVE CAPTION. per and capricious passion of the slave- The Judge-John Rose, of Rose's Ranche-crying in the wilderness;" and we have no ing up stairs or up hills she was obliged to
Slaves are a component part of the let his name be remembered-stated to the doubt, that its crying will facilitate the pre- keep it up with her hands, and going down
another "case," in his vocation of master legislation, and Congress passes very few laws as if they had been sworn, to which they as-would be impossible for a party, acknowledg- killed so many little plants in the garden; so
Commissioner Ingraham has encountered people represented, but they have no voice in witnesses that they must tell the truth, just vention of much erying of another sort. It stairs and down hill it troubled her, besides it
slave-hunter, which bids fair to puzzle him for the protection of their rights. A govern-sented and lied; a physician who testified ing as its leader such a man as Gerrit Smith, she had resolved to do away with it.
even worse than that affair of sending back ment like ours, founded upon principles of in her behalf was beaten; a lawyer who at- be it never so contemptible on the score of Bruce had adopted the same style."
the wrong man.
about 60 years old, whose name with those of more regardful of the interests of so large a ened with hanging, and ordered to leave Mr. Smith, in his earliest manhood, foresee-
An old lady named Casey, justice to all who live under it, should be tempted to get justice done her, was threat-numbers, to exist, and not do great good.
several of her children was placed among mass of the people.
the subjects to be captured by the Gorsuch wonder to all the world beside that the re-thirsty monsters, whose rage would hardly be doned the Whig party, of which, in the Em following further particulars relative to the
It is a matter of great town; and amid the shouts of the blood-ing the rottenness it would come to, aban- Mr. Petermann has furnished us with the
band, called on the Commissioner and ex- public should sustain itself at all, while such restrained even for the short hour, the up- pire State, he was one of the young idols; expedition in Central Africa:
pressed an earnest desire to be sent back to an anomaly exists as the recognition of Afri- right, intelligent and impartial jury brought and has since done more for Humanity, and
her master, a Mr. Davis, "as she was in a
hurry." Her story is as follows:
It is in a verdict of murder, and condemned her to will have done more for his country, than we have at last been received by his Excellency
sustained by the resolute determination of be hanged in two hours!-WHICH SENTENCE believe to have been done for either by both Chevalier Bunsen; they go, however, only
"About five years ago, on Easter day, her the people that it shall not fail to be the one WAS EXECUTED.
sons had a holiday, and were permitted to green spot in all the earth where a free rep-
the Whig and the Democratic party.
about a fortnight later than the last letters
enjoy themselves. They went as far as Havre resentative government is maintained, and a the murder of this woman unparalleled in
But one circumstance was wanting to make
The convention nominated Gerrit Smith which were received in April [see ante, p.
as a candidate for the office of President, 405.]-being dated the 14th of November,
de Grace, and took a boat for Pennsylvania. beacon-light held up to the oppressed, show- atrocity. She was in a condition that would and Charles Durkee, of Wisconsin, as a 1850. The travelers were still in the king
Some time afterwards her two daughters fled ing that here is a haven where they may have made her life sacred, even in the most candidate for that of Vice President, of the dom of Air, awaiting the return of the great
also, and took up their abode in the same come and enjoy the rights of conscience. The barbarous ages, and under the bloodiest code United States.
salt caravan of the Keloes and the Prince
place where their fugitive brothers resided, intelligent convictions of the people are firmly that ever cursed the world.
The Herald, in noticing these nominations, En-Nur from Bilma, whence they fetch the
which, we believe, was Christiana.
ter, she says, charged her with a knowledge WASHINGTON, and not even the incubus of fore it saw the light.
The mas- set in favor of the government established by fant perished with its murdered mother, be- thus exhibits its innate vulgarity: "Mr. D.
salt which they take to Sudan.
is white, which shows some progress during was most anxious to accompany the caravan
Dr. Overweg
of their whereabouts, and with privity to slavery will be able to break it down, nor the
the past year even with the old Liberty to Bilma, but was unable to secure sufficient
their escape.
To whom, but to christians and reformers, directed her to be off, and not to show her tion causes, tear it asunder. As respects the
He then punished her, and wranglings and factions which that institu-
party." We do not see what complexion has protection for the undertaking. Dr Barth
shall we look to set up righteous civil gov-face upon his farm again until she had fugitive law, however, their convictions are
to do with a man's fitness for an office re-
ment in the earth? I say christians and re- brought back her fugitive sons and daugh- quite on the other side-they do not think it papers of Monday says, that "four negroes, but we do see, that gross obesity, as tending
A dispatch from New York to the Boston quiring an active and a well informed mind;
formers-for, if it is true, that every chris- ters.
tian is, because he is a christian, a reformer; sylvania, where her children resided, and with a feeling of pain and disgust, whenever tiana riot, were brought before Judge Pear- feeling, might seriously disqualify a man for
She then left and came into Penn- a just or wise law, and will see it executed charged with being concerned in the Chris- to induce mental stupidity, as coarseness of
it is, also, truc, that there are reformers. kotched up with them, to use her own it is brought to a practical test. The fact son at Harrisburg, on Saturday, on a writ of such an office.-Independent True Dem.
who are not christians. To whom, I repeat, language, about a year afterwards.'
but to them can we look to establish right- alleges that twice she went home to her mas- officers whose duty it is to carry it out, al- committing magistrate had been guilty of a
She that a great majority will rather stand by the habeas corpus. The Judge decided that the
cous civil government? Nevertheless, until ter, and both times was driven away by him, though they think it cruel and wrong, is a
they are freed from their false education on as she had not her children with her. Her sufficient evidence of the deep seated respect
this subject, we shall look to them in vain.,
danmplicated
Christians are educated to draw a line be- men eredarind fate areadh gay flaw which prevails everywhere. It is a
tween religion and politics, and to regard in Lancaster county, who have not been ar- ever, which a wise government will be slow to
religion as one thing, and politics as another. rested. She says that on the night after exact.-Democrat."
They are educated to look upon the civil the tragedy in question, several white men
government as a thing distinct and different came to the house of the colored men and
from the Divine government, instead of being took them away in wagons to a place of
but a department of that government-and a safety. The old lady says that she told her
department too, in which there is required boys to go back with her to her master, but
to be as full and pure and influential and de- they replied that they would never go back
cisive an exhibition of truth, justice, mercy, to him alive.""
sense of the right; but the right itself is or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the
But treason.
the
owner.
can slavery in the most absolute form.
An unborn in-
HIGH-HANDED OUTRAGE.
THE RELIGIOUS PRESS OF ENGLAND AND was held with closed doors, which resulted in
AMERICAN SLAVERY.
The susceptibility of the American slave-
holders and slavery-supporting churches on
the other side of the Atlantic, as to what
Jesus, among the descendants of Pilgrims
DANIEL THE FALSE PROPHET
'arise."
Miss
THE EXPEDITION INTO CENTRAL AFRICA
Communications from this expedition
was more fortunate in his journey to Aghades
of November. A part of his official account
whence he returned to Tintellis on the 5th
description of that region, has been rent
of this journey, his stay in Aghades, and his
home; and, from what I have seen, promises
to be extremely comprehensive and valuable
-including not only his observations on the
geography and archæology, but also all that
he could collect respecting the history, pres
ent political condition, statisties, &e of a
Traineriously.kwru alir en
joyed the temperature of the winter months;
having employed their leasure hours in ac
Independent.
The
Iwe are
We are glad to learn
Will not our citizens
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW-The En
gross dereliction of duty, in sending them to
jail without evidence. The prisoners were dis- SYRACUSE, Thursday, Oct. 2, 1851.
charged, whereupon Commissioner McAllister
officers.
delivered-Daniel Webster, in a
The negroes were immediately last, thus spoke of the Fugitive Slave Law:
Sneech
hand-cuffed in open court and conveyed to
the Commissioner's, where an examination ecuted in its spirit and to its letter.
"Depend upon it, the Law will be ex-
be executed in all the great cities-here in quiring a thorough knowledge of the Arabe
It will
the slaves being handed over to the claimants.
The extraordinary nature of the proceedings
Syracuse, in the midst of the next Anti- and the Haussa, the two principal languages
gave rise to great excitement, but there was
Slavery Convention, if the occasion shall of the countries as far as Lake Tehad.
Haussa indeed is the chief medium in the
no violation of law."
So do our Southern tyrants ride rough-
According to promise, and for the sake of Great Desert and Sudan from Mursuk to
as in any other department of the Divine The Commissioner hesitated whether to is said of them by the religious portion of the shod over the free institutions of the North- the Union, the aforesaid Daniel and his fol- Kanz, in Borneo, Arabic being principally
government. "Reider unto Cæsar the send her back at the expense of the United British community, received a very remarka- ern States. So does the iron will of one lowers undertook yesterday to carry the afore- spoken."-Athenæum.
Garrison and in party do well in things which are Caesar's, and unto God States; but at length, it is said that, under ble illustration in the British Banner of Wed- of Millard Fillmore's contemptible Com- said law into effect "here in Syracuse." It
But they the things which are God's," means with the pressure of the exposure and other cir-nesday last. We have transferred into our missioners over-ride the decisions of a Judge. tural Fair and a Convention of the Liberty of Jenny Lind died upon the ear before we
was the day selected for our County Agricul- CATHERINE HAYES.-Hardly has the voice
will not have done their whole duty until the great majority of christians, that civil cumstances, the master has consented to re- columns two letters from our contemporary. So does this Whig administration establish
a secret inquisition, and in the very face of party.
they shall have added to this negative merit government is entitled to some things, to ceive his prize-the shell without the oyster. to which we invite the attention of our read-
A large number of persons were in are lured by the notes of another distin
which God is not entitled; and that it may Whether the woman has any other object ers, arising out of a communication on Amer- a judicial decision, trample upon the right of from the country. It had been rumored that guished soprano from the old world, the
Many of the corruptions of civil not only lack identity with the Divine govern- than to quarter herself on her old master for ican slavery, which appeared in the Banner trial by jury, and consign men to eternal slave-hunter had been here two or three Swan of Erin" follows the "Swedish Night
getmest, when in the hands of unworthy ment in its aims and interests, but may, at support, is not known.
in July last. Of course our readers will bondage without a hearing, and without any this most propitious time. About two o'clock and her style of execution, are said to dihar
weeks, making preparations for a grab at ingale." The quality of Miss Hayes' voice
whistrators, bave resolved to abandon some points, be actually and diametrically There are number of thoughts suggested credit Mr. Zeno J. Ashton," whose charae- proof being offered that the men claimed as P. M., James Henry was arrested, hand- widely from those of Miss Lind, so that a
viol government altogether. But this is as opposed to it. Urge the duty of making civil by the case, throwing light on the subject of teristic letter will be read with edification, slaves have ever submitted to an hour of such cuffed, and drawn on a cart through the comparison can hardly be instituted between
abad, solve to have thing to do government religious and holy, and the great slavery and its bearing on the well-being of when he gravely assures us that the negroes famous outrages upon natural and civil rights ing him down. He was a stout, athletic fel-its of this lady, compiled by a contributor to
degradation in their lives. While these in- streets, with some eight or ten persons hold them. From a beautiful tribute to the ner
with apples, cause some are rotten: mass of christians will pronounce you foolish, its subjects. The aged matron of three- on his plantation were unanimously resolved
bdo with notes and bills, because fanatical, mad. "Bible politics" is, in their score years was "punished," i. e., scourged to enjoy the supreme gratification, if they are going on in this land, the Whig press of low, about half white. The bells of the the Dublin University Magazine, and for
eyes, a solecism, a self-contradiction, and with stripes, a woman and a mother whipped had only the opportunity, of soundly ducking Massalheets is calling upon the people to churches were rung, when a crowd immedi-warded to us by Mr. Wardwell, it appears
I do not forget, that Mr. Garrison and his absurdity. No exercise draws out their con- for no other reason but that her boys dared Mr. Chesson in a horse-pond, because he had these abominable tration and, by tinting ately gathered in front of the Police-Office, that she has a reputation in the musied
its on voting on the groun, that tempt and hatred more promptly and fully to be free! The Austrian has never gone to so grossly outraged their feelings, as to de- then to office who procese, ngio, electing where his trial was to take place, until it had world that may well raise the highest expos
tal Constitution is a wicked instru- than preaching politics." You may as well that length. (Haynau only whipped a wo- nounce the "peculiar institution," and to be men endorse, sanction, and ap- reached several thousand.
As his trial pro-
pray, what is the Constitution. talk to them of the duty of making brothels man in the prime of life for the sake of her of opinion that the slaves ought to be eman-
prove of them, who are in favor of sustain-gressed the excitement became intense. This rightly informed Miss Hayes will adopt the
tations of our musical amateurs.
avery, as they think it, or anti- pious, and of sanctifying dram-shops and husband.) Then the man who had enjoyed cipated.
ing all the compromises with slavery and op- continued until dark, when the Court ad-
thank, to do with the right to gambling-houses, of the duty of bringing her labors for fifty years without wages.
course of Miss Lind, and sing in Concert and
posed to all agitation for the repeal of the journed to this morning. The prisoner was Oratorio, but not in opera or on the stage
stitution does not create the civil government under the control of religion. turned her adrift in her old age to beg or gratulate or condole with the slavery-abetting Fugitive Slave Law. And will the people do then taken into a back room in the rear of This will afford our citizens an innocent and
We do not know whether we ought to con-
it? That is the question which they must
there may le human laws to regulate the admit the rule: "Whether, therefore, ye eat helpless mother should constrain them to be- advocates who have eagerly rushed into print. opinion is, that they will not; that there is and windows of the office were smashed, and that negotiations are pending for the engage
human autheity. It is true, that government to be holy. They do, it is true, tray her children, or until their pity for their J. Zeno Ashton to the ranks of those of their answer for themselves at the polls. Our own commenced; stones were thrown; the doors of theater-receipts.
ved from a power infinitely above human glory of God"-but they believe, that civil the United States is put in requisition to ing now made the important discovery, that spirit of liberty and too high a regard for the crowd rushed in. The lights were im- ment of Miss Hayes in the oratorios of tas
come voluntary slaves. Then the power of But of one thing we can have no doubt. Hav- too much of patriotism, too much of the
mediately put out, and two or three pistol- Harmonic Society.
It our neighbors assemble to choose government constitutes an exception to this capture and return the sons to the master the most certain and most speedy mode of the preepts and teachings of the Popel of shots fired in the dark-one from within and sustain a Society that might do much their
it is our privilege, our right, our rule, an 1 is exempt from its obligation. In who has turned their mother out of doors to forcing our way to the citadel of slavery is by and of those who defied the usurpation of officers who had been so valiant while the weeks we may be able to speak advisedly
participate with them: short, they do not believe, that holiness is perish, and whosoever will not aid in enfore demolishing the outposts which are planted in Great Britian in 1775, to permit them to be Military were out, now suddenly became of this new visitant in the world of song
one from without. It is understood that the vate the standard of sacred music: In a few
"but when they are that "holiness unto the Lord" should be in-country and threatened with the halter for must bring all our energies and resources like these, and lend themselves to the unholy broke his arm, and the rest wen-as all
well when statutes and becoming to civil government. They admit, ing the process is branded as a traitor to his the bosom of the American churches, we turned aside from the path of duty in times scarce. One jumped out the window and
t, that the rulers elect are re- seribed upon pots and horse-bells.
What becomes of the story, that cessantly to bear on those churches, until work of crushing the institutions of freedom mizerable tools and cowards go when there
in the taking such an inscription upon civil government! the owner is obliged to provide for his slaves they either purge themselves from the sin of which were won for them by their toils, pri- is any danger-as fast as their legs could Post, after showing the difficulties attending
thymur nor and perjure oh, it would be the most out-of-the- in sickness or in old age? In any other slavery, or perish in their determination to vations and sacrifices. When Massachusetts carry them. The prisoner was then seized. the execution of laws which conflict with youll
Our reply is, test we will see way thing, in their eyes! It would be to case but that of slavery, it is law that he who uphold the Satanic system.
to it, tint the men, for whom we vote, are "cast pearls before swine." It would be, a would claim his rights must discharge his And here, in alluding to the publication of tions as above recorded, we shall think that said, to a country town. Rely apon it, there
endorses the men who glory in such transac- thrown into a carriage, and conveyed, it is lie sentiment and popular sympathies adds
Panel O'Connell like, will "jewel of gold in a swine's snout." It would duties; but so eager are many people to show the correspondence which we have trans-
The fugitive slave law is one of these of
retuse such an cars and wha Daniel be carrying religion into the Devil's own their loyality to the despot that they will ferred to our columns from the British Ban- the spirit of the old time has departed from is dreadful treason in these parts. Unless fine fugiti
relief comes very soon, Silver-Grayism here tion is revolting. The people feel it to be an
In the free States its ora
O'Connell like, will nevertheless, insist on province. And, yet, these very christians, sacrifice everything dear and sacred to com- ner, let us express the sense we entertain of among us, but not till then.-Mass. Spy.
who consign civil government to the Devil, ply with his demands. The utter contempt the signal services which that journal has
will die with the galloping consumption.-impeachment of their manhood, to be asked
I said, that it is not enough to be neutral identify themselves with just such civil gov- with which the slaveholders regard the hu- rendered to Christianity as well as to the Ab- The following paragraph from a NY Tribune.
M. F. to assist in manacling, for the purpose of re
l govern tot nagh ernment as they consign to the Devil; vote manity and self-respect of the North is an- olitionist cause, by the powerful articles charge by the late Justice Story, is quoted by
ducing to slavery, one who has lived among
to have nothing to do with civil government, for its oppressive and profligate administra- other feature of the case. But we will not which have from time to time appeared in its the pro-slavery papers in support of the no- A SLAVEHOLDER'S VIEWS.-The following them the life of an industrious and honest cit
that which is good, or with that tors; and wallow in its corruptions! utter every thought that rises at such a scene. pages, on the enormous sin committed by the tion that the Christiana and Syracuse rioters is an extract from the private letter of a izen; whom for years they have been accus
We referred to the false education of re- Independent.
American churches in sanctioning Slavery, are guilty of treason. How these "Daniels"
And when, the world formers, as well as of christians, in regard to
and the scarcely less grievous guilt con- make out any such result from it, we are
Southern friend to the Editor of the New tomed to meet in their daily walks, and with
me to be used for all its civil government. Anti-slavery reformers,
WILD CAT AND THE RUNAWAY NEGROES.-tracted by those ministers and members of unable to understand :-Roch. Democrat. York Tribune.
whom, perhaps, they have broken bre
Every manly instinct of our nature is aroused
Chate purposes and for none other, then Temperance reformers, Land reformers, and
"In regard to the treasonable design, it is
***Since you have heard from me, Lib- at the very proposal, and it is not until they
ry part of the world make such pro- other reformers ask for reformations at the The Houston (Texas) Telegraph has the Christian churches in this country, who either
receive pro-slavery preachers into their pul- not necessary that it should be a direct and erty has retrograded in Europe apparently. are advised by reflection, that it is better tor
holiness and geness, as none, not hands of government. But they do not ask following:
pits or admit slaveholders or abettors of sla- positive intention entirely to subvert or over- The disposition in slaveholders to hold on to one or a dozen men to suffer, than that the
mist favored part of it, has ever for righteous government. Nay, they do not Mr. W. Secrest, who has recently visited very, to church fellowship.
throw the government. It will be equally slaves has increased. My eager ears have moral supremacy of the law should be shaken
wish government to be righteous. They pre- the Mexican towns in the vicinity of Eagle The British Banner possesses great influ- treason if the intention is by force to pre- listened to hear of political movements favor- that the most conservative and orderly of our
at governan at must be used. Let for, that it should continue to be unright- Pass, has informed us that the statement ence among the religious denominations in vent the execution of any one or more gen able to the puting down of Slavery, but from people can be induced to remain quiet spee
Each class of these reformers wishes we published a few weeks since, in regard America, as well as in Great Britain; and a eral and public laws of the government, or that quarter I am almost left to despair. It tators of such barbarism.
of the province of government. success for its own reform: and, as to the to the runaway negroes that have collected few more of the same kind of articles as the to resist the exercise of any legitimate au-
for it a wide provinces I claim other wrongs of government, it prefers, that in those towns, is entirely correct. He says one which appeared in its columns a fort- thority of the government in sovereign ca- that contend manfully on the side of Hu- of the free States can never get reconciled to
is true, there are many bold and noble spirits It is the curse of this law that the people
and roads and canals for at least some of them should continue. Land that he was informed that no less than two night ago, would drive the whole body of pacity. Thus, if there is an assembly of per- manity; but the struggle is unequal.
They will obey it after a fashion-that
or promote their schools and reformers, whilst calling on government to hundred and seventy runaways crossed the slaveholders into a similar paroxyism of mad-sons with force, with the intent to prevent "Deeply do I deplore the favor shown to is, that they will permit the officers of justic
claim for it, in a word, nothing espouse their favorite reform, are, neverthe- ferries at Eagle Pass and Lorendo last year. ness to that into which our friend "Zeno the collection of the lawful taxes or duties the Fugitive Slave Law by the Ministers of to do their duty unmolested, but every now
the right to protect its subjects less, willing to vote for slaveholders and Several hundred also crossed the fords Ashton" appears to have been driven, by a levied by the government-or to destroy the Gospel! Law-abiding people they ought warrant will open anew the fountains of bit
but even this, except wherein they can- rum-sellers. Anti-slavery reformers ask above Eagle Pass. It is estimated that there simple letter in the columns of our contem- all custom-houses, or to resist the adminis- to and should be; but they need not justify terness, and extend farther the dangerous
government to be anti-slavery; but are will are not less than 1300 runaways at the town porary. And if once this fit of madness had tration of justice in the Courts of the United this law, instead of urging its repeal. If they habit of questioning the wisdom and the jus
What a mister of iniquity is civil governing that government should be indifferent to that has lately been built by Wild Cat, near come over the slaveholding fraternity, we all States, and they proceed to execute their knew what Slavery is, in all its details, I am, tice of our jawgivers.
nel and spurious the claims of the landless. And Temperance the mouth of Los Moras.
know what would be sure to follow. When purpose by force, there can be no doubt sure they would not-except such as are in-
racter what an insurmountable reformers are ready to vote for land-monopo- The greater part of these runaways have the gods," says the heathen maxim, "mean to that it would be treason against the United terested in owning slaves; and for them I A BLIND PRESIDENT.-The following is an
christianizing and lists and slaveholders, if they believe that escaped from Arkansas, but at least five destroy, they first make mad."-Morning States.
world insurmountable, they can, thereby, promote the cause of hundred are, it is said, fugitives from Texas. Advertiser.
must exclaim, O how difficult for them to extract from Mr. Fillmore's speech at Buf
read their bibles aright!
it cannot be removed for there temperance. Each class of reformers is a Wild Cat has a large number of negroes
AID TO CANADIAN REFUGEES.-There are
"Now, here comes the Cuban agitation-
-There is no liberty, no security, without
bepletacle in the way of gristianity, one-idea class of reformers. Each class of armed, and they often accompany him on Any law, having for its object the recapture at present about 40,000 exiled blacks in Cana- How many are coveting Cuba for the exten-
law. The law, whatever it is, must be en
Bu call it in reformers goes for but a fraction of truth, his expeditions against the Camanches. He of fugitives, would have the same effect. It da, formerly residents of the United States, sion of Slavery; how many for self a
forced."
surmountable, because it must be removed, and turns its back upon, or even arrays itself has made two successful forays into the is a general principle that governs in this and their number is fast increasing. Of dizement; and how few for the pretended upon the Holy Evangelists to execute the
"And I have sworn
preval. The ata geferment, against, the remainder of the truth. In a Camanche country. On one of these forays matter, and not a particular statute. But course when they arrive in that "land of the object of giving Liberty to the oppressed. laws, of all kinds. I have endeavored, to
fich fave been speaking, deserves not word, each class of reformers is too selfish to he had two hundred Indian and one hundred this feeling does not lessen the political just-free," they are destitute of everything in the
"You will marvel when I tell you that I the best of my ability, to execute them. I
care for the reforms, which other classes of Negro warriors. He attacked a large Cam-ness of the fugitive law, nor our obligations to way of a livelihood save sturdy hands and
am a slaveholder.
intend to execute them, and, God helping
spiracy rather. The world over, a conspiracy reformers are interested in; and I add, that anche lodge, killed one hundred and fifty see it faithfully administered. Yet its exist- willing hearts. Philanthropists in Michigan
an rights has usurped the name, it is too foolish, because of its selfishness, to warriors, and captured over six hundred ence cannot be denied.
and elsewhere are seeking to enable the refu Gradual Emancipation by Colonization and what the laws are. Law to make slaves don't
"My platform is: Education for Slaves, me, I will execute them."
We can tell the President it depends upon
and installed itself in the place of civil gov accomplish the success of even its own re- horses and mules. On his second expedi- The above passage occurs in a paragraph gees to become lords of the soil, that they other means.
and also, that christians, the form.
tion against the Camanches, he was accom- in which the Advertiser attempts to make may raise their own bread, educate their
make liberty or secure lar. Such laws men
wirld over should be constancing and sus Such, as we have now described them, are panied by one hundred Mexicans and a large amends for uttering a sentiment a little more own children, and become intelligent, pros-
the great mass of christians and reformers in party of Kickapoos.
settle not in the Courts. Our fathers settled
TREASON-ARREST, &c.-The employers such laws on the battle-field. and
liberal than its wont. We cannot admit that perous British subjects. For this purpose
Jane at a few of the wrongs and their attitude toward civil government-in Several hundred horses and mules were it states the point fairly. The law for the the Canadian Refugee Home Society has of government have been very busy trying to will do so if there is occasion. We
ed by this lying counterfeit their views of civil government. And even captured, but the Mexicans claimed the lion's recapture of fugitives in existence previous to been formed, and the object is to raise money catch as many poor blacks as they can near tion of rebels against such laws Erchange
des the people into class-x-ment righteous and to see the success of Kickapoos that they stole all the captured no such offense, created no such disturbances Canada for the benefit of the colored men dark-skinned, it will go hard with them,
those of us, who desire to see civil govern- share of the spoil, and this so enraged the the passage of the Compromise measures gave enough to purchase 50,000 acres of land in Christiana, and some fifty are now in custody.
They are charged with treason, and being paper.
and depressing others. In our every just reform-how prone are we to an property and went back to Red River. It of the peace, as does the present infamous who have fled from slavery. The lands are
AUTOGRAPHS.-We are anxious, (says an
untry, a go a tar in oppression and undue reliance on numbers, and how slow is thought that Wild Cat advised his Indian act, whereby treason is committed against the to be divided into lots of 25 acres, and deeded they do not suffer as traitors.
exchange,) to collect and preserve the auto
we to identify ourselves with a party, allies to rob the Mexicans, and that he will Constitution by the abrogation of the jury to families of actual settlers, as an inalienable
The investigation goes on briskly in Phila- graphs of all our subscribers, and, therefore,
protects the sew in plundering the which is weak in numbers, and strong only in share the spoils. His forces appear to be trial. It is the summary process and the inheritance. It is proposed to purchase the delphia.
request all, whether in city or country, to en-
many of the soil-and, this too, notwith the truth! We long for success; and, like daily augmenting, and it is feared that he insufficient testimony that are objected to, and lands of the Canada Company in the most
Á fugitive was arrested on the 15th-a new close the amount due in a letter, with their
standing the right to the soil is as natural, most men, we are, more or less, under the will soon concentrate several thousand In- from which result the obstructions that annoy southern and western portions of the Upper escape-and of course handed over, as no several signatures. Our thanks are due to
val, and equal, as the right to the light delusion, that success is to be found in num- dian warriors from Arkansas at his new set- the claimant and the riots that deliver the Province, where the climate is mild and black man has a right to his freedom. those who have already anticipated us by ads
In some countries, as, for in-bers. But our success consists in doing our tlement.
captive.-Democrat,
the soil good.-Rock. Democrat.
Young GORSUCH will recover.-Truc Dem. vance payment.
obstacle
ement
gud the air.
the
to hold millions in slavery. are
aggran-
R.
it.
falo:
we
