THE NORTH STAR.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
MR. PELANY,
VOL. II. NO. 27.
EDITORS
Friday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,
(Opposite the Arcade.)
TERMS.
Two dollars per annum, always in advance.
six months.
for one every subsequent
on, twenty-five cents.
No
ellectual improvement of the COLORED PEOPLE;
nd hasten they of FREEDOM to the THREE
MILLIONS of ENSLAVED FELLOW COUN-
THEMEN.
PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
03 A musications relating to the business
tos of the of subscribers,
mediately credited for money received.
have a fifth, copy for one year.
and.
address,
All letters and communications must be post
Northampton: H. Carpenter, Upton.
MAINE-Oliver Dennett, Portland.
VERMONT.-Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer-
Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Mary Har-
Platt, Bath.
and so on.
Sivert, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange wise, and that is all.
Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipper,
Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris- are very great.
town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
New Brighton.
OHIO.-Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat-
veya mrgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
MICHIGAN. Robert Banks, Detroit.
INDIANA. Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
From the Hartford Republican.
SLAVERY IN CALIFORNIA.
We copy the following from the
American Republic, an able Free Soil
paper published at Greenfield, Mass.
We agree with the editor that there is
[From the New-York Evening Post.]
RY IN CALIFORNA.
its readers. He then continues:
i.-
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
ROCHESTER, NY FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1849.
PEOPLE OF COLOR.
"
*
From the National A. S. Standard.
THE STANDARD.
To make an attack upon the most
cherished institution of a great nation,
on which it has encompassed in the
arms of its ecclesiastical and its secu-
SLAVE HOLDING CHRISTIANS.
JOHN DICK. PER
WHOLE NO 79.
Taeminent of their fellow citizens on that
The NORTH STAR is published every without right, and in defiance of com-igated curse to it and its inhabitants, ous passions, the most unremitting des- whether the Anti-Slavery Movement eleminated to the surface. The agita- his power in accomplishing our object,
mon law, so that the masters feel sure and a strife between the slave proprie-potism on the one part, and degrading has still an existence, and what are the tion is the main thing. If it be main- and authorized us to inform our friends
enough against that. It is only a pos- tors and the free laborers will grow up, submission on the other. Our children proofs of vitality that it is affording. tained the purification will follow by in England and America that he was
itive statute which they fear, and that fruitful of discord and crime.
see this, and learn to imitate it; for The flag at the mast head of a man-of- the inevitable operation of physical prepared to co-operate with other gen-
If, on the other hand, the slaves who man is an imitative arimal.
subscription will be received for a less term than we ought to have, but shall not we fear.
war may be but an inconsiderable piece and moral law.
tlemen in Paris in making suitable pre-
Great confidence has been expressed may be dragged to that distant region The parent storms, the child looks on, of bunting; but it is the emblem of na- These effects have been the result parations for the Congress, and in giv-
Advertisements not exceeding tea fines inserted that the Calfornians will prohibit sla- shall be compelled to wear away their catches the lineaments of wrath, puts tionality, and gives friends and foes to of means. Means, to be sure, strange- ing a warm welcome to those delegates
very. We doubt it. There are many lives in bondage, the consequences to on the same airs in the 'circle of smal- know whether it holds its own or wheth-ly inadequate, to all human seeming, from various countries who would visit
southern men there, and more will be the dawning civilization and promise of ler slaves, gives a loose to the worst er it has yielded to the enemy. to the effect produced. The means France on that occasion; adding that
THE object of the NORTH STAR will be to attack there with slaves, before the people can our Pacific possessions, will be yet of passions, and thus nursed, educat- The soundnes of this philosaphy has have been unceasing and untiring if it were deemed desirable, he would
SLAVERY in all its forms and aspects; advocate adopt any provisional government.more disastrous.
ed, and duly exercised in tyranny, can- been proved by the history of all as- agitation. Agitation in State Legisla- go in person to Havre, to receive the
UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATION; exait the standard They may be at first only body
These and the thousand other evils not but be stamped by it with odious saults upon the strongholds of national tures, in Ecclesiastical Assemblies, in American deputation on their arrival,
of PUBLIC MORALITY; promote the moral and in-servants, and there is a strong odium which may be easily imagined, might peculiarities. The man must be a and social crime. The British and For- Congress, produced by Agitation by and to conduct them to Paris.
attached to an interference with a gen- all have been prevented but for the in- prodigy who can retain his manners eign Anti-Slavery Society during its the fire-side, by the way-side, in the
Having thus succeeded in securing
tleman's personal comforts, which will fatuated resistance of the southern and morals undepraved by such cir- days of life, previous to the Abolition town hall, in the District School house. the sympathy and sanction of this
unite with the strong temptation of the statesmen, to a distinct expression of cumstances. And with what execra- of British Slavery, (since which time it Agitation by the voice of the living great man to our enterprize, we then
gold seekers to get the gold without the opinion by Congress upon the subject, tion should the man be loaded, has had a name to live, but has been speaker and by the mute eloquence of sought access to many celebrated men,
labor, to wink at the employment of and the weak admission of northern who, permitting one-half the citizens worse than dead,) dependent on the con- the press. These instrumentalities members of the National Assembly,
slaves. It should be remembered too, trimmers that slavery could not exist in thus to trample on the rights of the tributions of Abolitionists for the sup- have lost none of their efficiency. The eminent writers and philanthropists,
other, transtorms those into despots, port of its Organ and Publications. So field of their operations is widened by known to be favorable to our principles.
tanes, &c., de adubens, remit that the Govery othe the Territory, those regions.
a slaveholder, (as might Multitudes were led to put faith in and these into enemies, destroys the with the efforts for the suppression of the partial removing of landmarks and by all of whom the proposal was re-
be expected,) and has slaves with him; the reiterated assertions of the north- morals of the one part, and the amor Intemperance, War, Capital Punish-throwing down of partitions. Ears ceived with great interest and encour-
gested to be accurate, and give the Post Office, so that slavery actually now exists in ern journals and politicians, and to re- patriæ of the other. For if a slave ment, and other public evils, on both that were formerly sealed are now wil-agement. And we have now the satis-
he County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im- California. Considering these things, lax their effort to effect the passage of can have a country in this world, it sides of the water. Probably in no in- ling to hear. Eyes that once refused faction to announce that the following
and the probability, in the present state a territorial bill last winter, with a must be any other in preference to stance has the organ of any Society to see will now look and read. It is gentlemen have distinctly given their
cribers, to be forwarded to one are fay and temper of the two most numerous proviso against slavery, under the im- that in which he is born to live and gathered for the removal of these or the business of the Abolitionists to see adhesion to the movement, and signi-
parties in the Union, and the pro-sla- pression that such an enactment would labor for another; in which he must analoguous evils, sustained itself by to it that judicial blindness and deafness fied their willingness to unite in a
very character of the administration, not be necessary for any practical lock up the faculties of his nature, sales and subscriptions. And this for do not again supervene through their Committee of organization, to prepare
we have strong fears, we confess, that purpose.
contribute as far as depends on his the obvious reason that men will not negligence. As a most important part for the Congress, in conjunction with
LIST OF AGENTS.
slavery will prevail there in spite of the We hope their eyes may now be individual endeavors to the evanish- pay for the rebukes of their darling of this business, we commend to them M. de Lamartine:-M. Horace Say,
MASSACHUSETTS, R. F. Walcutt, 21, Coruhill, efforts to resist it. We know it is more opened to their error and to the fraud ment of the human race, or entail his sins.
Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio W.
But which of those Movements all, everywhere, the extension of the Councillor of State; F. Bastiat, M.
Foster, Lowell; James N. Baffum, Lyna; George common to assert that slavery can never which has been practised upon them, own miserable condition on the endless could have had any abiding effect or circulation of the STANDARD. In the Wolowski, M. F. Bouvet, members of
Evans, Worcester: Bourne Spooner, Plymouth; get another inch of territory-the last and that with all convenient speed they generations proceeding from him. continuing influence had it not been for remoter parts of the country the in- the National Assembly; Emile de Gir-
Norte IL St, Springfield; David Ruggles, slave State is admitted to the Union, will take proper steps to repair the With the morals of the people, their the Medium through which each spoke terests of the paper must be mainly ardin, Editor of "La Press;" M.
We wish the indications consequences.
industry also is destroyed. For in a to the world? We believe the Stan- left in the hands of its local friends. Duvey zier, Editor of "Le Credit;"
were sure, that such would be the case.
warm climate, no man will labor for dard has done as well in this respect, The small body of agents which the M. Guillaumin, editor of "Le Journal
But we have never seen them to be.-
CONNECTICUT-Jonathan Leonard, New Haven Between the lukewarmness and hesi-
himself who can make another labor taking into cons deration the vastly Executive Committee will be able to des Economistes;" M. Joseph Garnier,
NEW HAMPSHIRE.-Weare Tappan, Bradford.
for him. This is so true, that of the greater obstacles it has had to encoun- direct to this work must devote them-editor of "L'Annuaire de l'Economie
AFW YORK, Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau tancy of the whig party, and the more We should have announced, last proprietors of slaves a very small pro- ter, as any of its cotemporaries of a re-selves to the attempt to obtain a local Politique;" Marquis de la Rochefou
Freet, James McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway; decided aversion of the democratic par- week, the action of the Ohio Legisla- portion indeed are ever seen to labor. forming character. Nay, better. Fo support for the paper in Eastern New cauld-Liancourt, President of "La
per, Albany; Elias Doty, Macedon; Willets Keese, ty to a prohibiting act, there is great the United States. A few days before thought secure when we have removed ates has been, in an unusual degree, subscribers who value an exclusively Viscoute de Melun, a distinguished
ture, respecting the people of color in And can the liberties of a nation be the odiousness of the truths it enunci-York. Let the Abolitionists, and all Societe de la Morale Chretienne;"
Pera, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy; danger that slavery will clandestinely
1. F. Platt, Pear Yas; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. slip in, and get quietly established be- the adjournment of that body, the fol- their only firm basis, a conviction in compensated for by the ability which Anti-Slavery paper, see to it that the philanthropist; M. Chevalier, and M.
RHODE ISLAND.-Amarancy Fame, Providence. fore Congress will prove itself the lowing preamble and resolutions were the minds of the people that their lib- has marked its editorial conduct, and Standard suffers no detriment through Renzi.
PENNSYLVANIA.. M. M'Kim, 31, North Fifth champion of freedom. We hope other passed by the House of Representa- erties are the gift of God?-that they the sterling excellence of the mat- their neglect. Let them continue their Such are the men, dear friends,
But the dangers tives, without a dissenting voice:
are not to be violated but with wrath? ter it has contained. Thousands and own subscriptions, collect those in their who are prepared to welcome us to the
"Whereas, The people of color of Indeed I tremble for my country, when tens of thousands read it who do not neighborhood, and procure additional soil of France, and to unite in the ad-
the United States have been oppressed I reflect that God is just: that His pay for it and the press, far and wide, subscribers. Much, we know from vocacy of our great principles. The
and enslaved by the several States justice cannot sleep forever; that con- South as well as North, it is the chief personal experience, can be done in question which now anxiously returns
son and Gaines, Datto; Valentine Nicholson, Har- SOUTHERN MOVEMENTS-SLAVE- lieving it to be the duty of the General means only, a revolution of the wheel light and influence flows. The Aboli- list whole, and to make the subscrip- both sides of the Atlantic worthily sus
thereof and thereby degraded, and be sidering numbers, nature, and natural channel through which Anti-Slavery this way. Enough to keep the present to us is, Will the friends of Peace on
Government to do something for their of fortune, an exchange of situation, tionists are obliged to furnish their food tions obtained by special efforts a clear tain the Assembly that is to be con-
The following extract from a com-
elevation to that position nature's is among possible events; that it may to the hungry, not merely, in many gain. Let every one bring this home vened and constituted under such
munication, dated the 20th instant, ad- God designed for all mea; therefore be become probable by supernatural in- cases, without money and without price, to his own business and bosom, and illustrious auspices? Shall we have
dressed to us from Virginia, corres-
terferences! The Almighty has no at- but even to send out and compel them give a very moderate share of time and delegation of earnest men, powerful in
Resolved, by the General Assembly tribute which can take sides with us in to come in on those terms
ponds with our information from other
attention to it, and a great and bene- character and numbers, such as the
quarters, and with authentic facts which of the State of Ohio, That our Sena- such a contest."-Thomas Jefferson.
ficent work will be done.-E.Q.
greatness of the occasion will demand,
have already been laid before the pub-tors be instructed, and our Represen-
and of which, in inviting the men we
tatives in Congress be requested to
have mentioned to associate for the
lic. We have been assured, by a
gentleman who has passed through procure the passage of a law author-
Oh, that the church would be faith-Purpose, we have inspired an expecta-
tion? For England we can answer
several of the southern states within izing the survey and apportionment of
With this number begins the tenth lar love, can never be a popular or a ful to her head! that her ministers with confidence. Many hundreds of
a portion of the territory acquired
the last fortnight, that the determina-
from Mexico, for the benefit of all free year of the Standard. For thrice three profitable occupation. Those who are would remember that he complains es- her wisest and best, headed by such
great danger that Slavery will steal a ton is universal among the slave emi- persons of color who may become ac- years has it been the symbol to the Na- desirous of making money; or of gain-pecially of the wounds wherewith he men as Richard Cobden, William Ew-
march upon us in California, but we are grants to the Pacific from those states, tual settlers of the same, and a title to tion of the existence of an organized ing office, or of living comfortably with was wounded in the house of his friends. art, Charles Hindley, Joseph Sturge,
rather more hopeful of the result than to take the slaves with them.
It their neighbors and the world had bet- Oh, that they would hear what he saith are prepared to testify to their French
he seems to be. Too great vigilance, to which we wish to invite attention, are also to establish schools, and provide cally merely, the Standard of me cause. Our clients are the downtrodden and midst of the seven
their attention elsewhere. to the churches, golden candiesticks their convictious on the question of
The remarks of our correspondent, of said persons free of vered to each has been liter position to Slavery.
charge, and literally, and not metaphori-ter
walks in the neighbors the depth and sinority of
however, cannot be exercised by the
Free Democracy. We have a wily foe preceded by some complimentary com-
to contend with, and every friend of ments upon the course of this journal for them a government for protection. It has been the sign to foes and friends, spoiled of the race, and silver and If I did not misread my Bible, the Peace, by gathering around the most
Resolved, That the Governor of this that the Ship was not yet given up, gold have they none to reward our church is the commissi
Freedom should be on the alert to re- of more interest to its proprietors than State be requested to forward a copy of that the crew was resolute-desperate, services withal. Nay, their advocate tor of the world. If, then, the church memorable occasion. And will Ameri-
sist its subtlety and power. It is vain "The mo ment making at this time the above preamble and resolution to you please, and that the battle would must make up his mind before he en- be corrupt, whence are to issue the ca prove unequal to the demand made
to hope for any aid from those wedded
each of our Senators and Representa- be maintained as long as men and amu- gages in their cause, to take his place healing waters? If the salt of the earth on her enterprize and humanity? We
to Taylorism, but we do expect that at the south is what I am most particu- tives in Congress."
es- have lost its savor, how is the putrid believe not. No fact in connection
nition were left on the one side and the by their side, and be little more
Social world to be recovered from its taint? with the coming Congress excited so
many Whigs, when their eyes are fair-larly anxious to call your attention to.
This is what the Anti-Slavery Bugle enemy on the other. It was first un- teemed of men than they.
ly opened to the pro-slavery tenden- I do not wish to excite sectional ani-
cies of the present Administration, will mosities and criminations, but I wish to calls "Colorphobia wearing the garb furled to the winds in a dark and evil consideration is no part of the induce- If justice and mercy are exiled from deep and general an interest in France,
of Philanthropy." Whether this plan hour. The officers to whose charge ment to enlist in the Anti-Slavery war- the Church, what can I expect but that as the assurance we ventured to give,
show that their patriotism is superior to see a scheme, now in progress, arres- has been recommended out of pure the direction of the attack upon Slavery fare; it is part of the contribution each they are
that many of the friends of Peace
any mere partizan feelings, and unhes- ted. It is no other than a plan to intro- love to the colored man, is a matter of had been committed, had mutinie i and is called upon to make in its support. "Sprung on the viewless wings to heaven again?" from the United States might be ex-
itatingly identify themselves with the duce slavery into California and New
doubt. Had the former acts of our deserted. They had piratically run off The rewards and satisfactions which
Alas! what report must he bear back pected to visit the French Capital, and
Free Democracy, which is ultimately Mexico. Ever since the hope of
These are to be learn her genius and the influence from Congress. Now, just in proportion to
have less hesitancy in awarding to its and used the influence of its name and another nature.
abandoned, southern
democratic in the other political argan ultraists have been preparing a very doubt many members have not been ignominious flight, and to protect the discerns a great national crime in its hears him, on his return, questioned by pleasure which this announcement has
No the stores it covered, to shelter their found in the clearness of vision which a slave-holding church? My fancy the feelings of kindly interest and
members the purest of motives.
CALIFORNIA. The successful scheme to promulgate slave-
Washington correspondent of the N. ry into these territories. If they do under the influence of Colorphobia, allies whom they had in common with true nature, and in the strength which his brother idolaters, "What are Chris- inspired in France, will be the severi-
but actuated by the best of motives; the enemy, whose comfort and preser- enables them to cry aloud and spare tians?" "Monsters! They hold that ty of their disappointment, and our
Y. Evening Post of the 29th of April not succeed, it will not be for the want but they have yielded to the plans of vation they esteemed of more conse- not, against it. In the consciousness their creed came from heaven, and is mortification, should our promise on
of zeal or devotion. According to Mr.
I have information from gentlemen]
Holmes of South Carolina, this scheme those who will never rest satisfied un- quence than the discomfiture and defeat that they have attained to the know-the word of salvation, and they hold it your behalf fail.
til the poor, hated, colored man is of the foe itself. In that evil hour, as ledge of the true way of deliverance a capital crime to teach this creed to a Have we presumed too much, dear
from the South now here, that satisfies is well laid and comprehensive enough driven entirely from the bounds of it then seemed, in the midst of the con- for their People from the wrath which man, woman, or child who has a dark friends, on the energy of American
ne that a struggle is to be made in to ensure success.
Ohio. Like Henry Clay, they join in fusion and doubt which filled men's it has been treasuring up against the face. They buy and sell men, women, character, on the spirit and fervor of
California as well as here to introduce "The Memphis Eagle tells us that the cry, "Away with them." It is minds the new Standard was run to the day of wrath. The consciousness that and children, and offer the profits on American philanthropy, on the zeal
slavery into that territory.-Numbers a large majority of the companies anything but love to the colored man mast-head, the good Ship righted as they have not withheld this knowledge the altar of their God! They sell their and devotion of American Christianity,
of slaves have already gone there, and formed and forming for El Dorado, that would colonize him in the territo- soon as honest hands were felt upon the from the ears of the people, but that own wives, sons, and daughters, and in giving such an assurance? We
masters are making preparations, much carry with them slaves. A Mr. Howard ry of New-Mexico. If Ohio is the helm, her head turned instinctively in they have been instant in season and to those whom they know will work and earnestly hope not. Standing foremost,
more effectual than those you hear in of Columbus, Ga., proposes to form good Buckeye State to the white, why the right direction, her batteries thun- out of season in relating it in their flog them to death; and this they do as you do, among the nations of the
the newspapers, to send more. The one of five hundred, to carry out from ought it not be to the black? especi- dered away at open enemies and trea- ears whether they would bear or whe- without the temptation of hunger or world, for hardy activity, for bold and
contest will arise between the slave one to two thousand slaves. Personally if it is the State of his nativity. cherous friends, and she has ever since ther they would forbear. The consci- poverty. Nay, farther, their ministers adventurous enterprize, shall it be said
owners and drivers and the mass of the ally I know that several of the com- We know that circumstances are so gallantly kept on her due course, her ousness of the perception: and the per- of religion do all this daily, though I that the cause of universal peace and
inhabitants upon the question, shall panies which have left this State prejudicial to the happiness of the meteor flag braving many a battle and formance of a difficult duty, and the heard them preaching from their creed, humanity is too feeble to inspire the
these slaves be retained in bondage, carried out slaves with them. A mem-colored population in Ohio and other many a breeze.
sense that the portion of contemporary Be pitiful, be tender-hearted; what-national genius? But we will appeal
which is identical with the question, ber of Congress, from Tennessee, said States, that many of them would pre- "Throw sunshine on her joyously; ye brezes waft history, which they are busy in-de-soever ye would that men should to higher motives than national pride.
Shall slavery be legally establiseed in to me that within his own knowledge fer seeking a home in an unknown
veloping is the only one in this country, do unto you do ye even so to them; We call up before your mind the image
there would be carried to California, land; but it should not be so. Let the Our glorious Semper Eadem, the banner of our of a permanent and abiding interest, be merciful as your Father in heaven is of bleeding humanity, of fettered civi-
-whose issues are issues of life or merciful." Can I wonder that the lization, of outraged and insulted Chris-
The Daily Wisconsin, (Milwaukee) from ten to twelve thousand slaves this Legislature strike the axe at the root
While the pilfered and prostitute flag death, and which will extend to the yell arises, "These Christians are tianity, standing on the shores of
summer. From reliable evidence, I of the evil, and we will award the no-
It has been stated from time to time, know that whole families are moving blest meed of praise. Let the neces- after many a scurvy adventure, ragged remotest ages of the world.
monsters!" Let heathens henceforth Europe in supplicating attitude, and
that slaves were being carried to Cali- with all their slaves, from the States of sary steps be taken for remodeling the and dirty, draggles at the tail of an her-
We see in every direction theck-inscribe in their divine book this addi- with appealing voice entreating you to
fornia, but generally discredited. Yet Tennessee, Arkansas and Missouri. It Constitution of Ohio, so as to secure maphrodite political craft, ominous of nowledged indications that we se tional cause of thanksgiving: "Heathens come over. We beseech you, dear
the evidence is increasing to confirm is said that even slave drivers are to the people of color a voice in the disaster and defeat.
understood our business and do it are not monsters, like slave-holding friends, to hear and obey this appeal,
this report. The southern correspon- making up gangs to carry out. It is making of those laws by which they To drop the allegory, the establish- well. The continual droppings Christians!"-Speech of Dr. Ritchie. by sending forth a goodly company of
dent of the New Orleans Picayune well known, from a fair test in the are governed, and in the choice of their ment and support of the Standard have made some impression even
states of Virginia, North Carolina and rulers-let all laws making distinctions been among the most pregnant proofs stone of the American heart.
their wisdom and eloquence shall wor-
"Not less than 800 to 1000 are now Georgia, that the slaves make the best on account of color be stricken out of vitality and tenacity of life that the ears of the People have been at least FRIENDS OF PEACE IN AMERICA. thily sustain the reputation of your
on the Isthmus awaiting transportation, gold miners.
let an oppressive system of land mon- Abolitionists have ever shown. Begun partially unstopped, that they should
country in this great assembly, which
two-thirds of whom are Southern and
DEAR FRIENDS, We have just re- promises to be, more than any other
"The valley of the Sacramento in the opoly be checked or destroyed-and without a single subscriber, at a time hear the cry of the captive, and their
Western men, some of them with summer is as unhealthy to the white let legislation be for the poor and des- when the Movement Proper was betray- eyes forced open that they should dis- turned, after three weeks' sujourn in of modern times, a full representation
man as the low cotton and rice lands pised, especially for those who are so ed and deserted by almost all who had cern some portion of their own guilty Paris, wihther we were deputed to go of the progressive intelligence, philan-
Facts like these show how absurd it of North and South Carolina and in conseqence of the injustice of the seemed to be its incarnate embodiments, complicity with the oppressor. Eccle- by the London Committee, in order to thropy, and moral power of the civilized
is to argue that slaves will not be car- Georgia, and the belief is that the rich and tyrannical; and the work of its property made away with, its char- siastical bodies and political parties make the needful preliminary inquiries world.
ried to California-even if there is no miners will be compelled to resort to amelioration may be effected. What acter maligned, its supporters slandered have been compelled to assume a virtue and preparations for the Peace Con-
Legislative restriction. The re-adop- slave labor. Those who carry out has been done is well. Whilst it should their life's life lied away,"-it has if they had it not. Slight quakings on gress, intended to be held in that city
tion of the Ordinance of '87 would set- slaves undertake to say that the thirst not have been left undone, the other been maintained without interruption for the surface tell of more tumultuons in the month of August. We were
tle this exciting question at once, and for gold will soon quiet all scruples of should have been done first. But the nine years, and we hope it will contin- heavings in the depths below. Con- met there by an earnest and zealous
forever close the strife of sectional bit-conscience about the sin of slavery. same body which has passed the above ue to wrestle with the storm as long as gress has been converted into an arena fellow-laborer, M. Visschers, President Congress Committee.
ternes; and it is therefore that the ar- Besides, the Governor of California is resolutions, had a hard struggle to the existence of Slavery compels into of Anti-Slavery,discussion. The silence of the last Congress at Brussels, who
dent lover of his country desires that a slaveholder, and the principal con- effect even a partial repeal of the being the antagonist entity of Aboli- of death which once brooded over the came as the representative of the Bel-
this question should be settled, by the ductors of the press and officers are Black Laws. Some of the members tionism. The importance of the Organ nation has been broken. The champ- gian Committee, and who rendered us
extension of the Ordinance of '87 over either slaveholders or from the slave were in favor of enacting law to expel of a combination against any public in- ions of Slavery are forced into the the most valuable aid in our mission, the best possible exercise. Habituate
states. All this looks as though the the colored man from the State, and a iquity, is to be very imperfectly meas- lists. They can no longer wrap them- as did your estimable countryman Mr. yourself to walk very far. The Euro-
introduction of slavery into that terri- bill was introduced into the Senate to ured by its subscription list, and indeed selves in the dignity of a contemptu- George Sumner. We were welcomed peans value themselves on having sub-
There is increasing evidence that tory might succeed, if timely action is prevent any one from entering. With is in some measure, independent of it. ous silence. The gauntlet is thrown on our arrival with the most earnest dued the horse to the use of man; but
slaveholders with their slaves, are emi- not taken to prevent it. I am no alar- such elements, in that body, we are The utterer of unpalatable doctrine, of down, and they must either take it up cordiality by M. Bouvet, who procured I doubt whether we have not lost more
The insolent common- for us an immediate introduction to than we have gained by this animál
It is doubtless mist, and despise sectional animosities, free to say, those who would do good hated truth, was never yet popular. If or cry craven.
the fact that a large number of the per- but I cannot feel willing to see an in- to the oppressed in Ohio have yielded he escapes such martyrdom as his age places of pro-slavery with which the M. Lamartine. We felt, from the for no one thing has caused such de-
sons now waiting at Panama for trans- stitution so much to be deprecated to the behests of an illiberal spirit in deals in, at least he cannot expect it to Northern ear was insulted a few years first moment, when it was proposed to generacy of the human body. An In-
portation to San Francisco, are South- planted there."
others. With the facts before us, we afford him a comfortable support. If it ago, are now almost unheard. The hold the Congress at Paris, that in no dian goes on foot nearly as far in a day
ern men with slaves. It is stated on
What will be the result of these can look upon the preamble as little will lend him its ears, and that grudg- people have been made comparatively way could our object be so effectually as an enfeebled white does on his horse.
credible authority that families with movements of the southern slavehold- else than a rhetorical flourish. How-ingly, it is all that he can hope for intelligent of the nature and effects of subserved, as by enlisting the sympa- and will tire the best horses. A little
all their slaves are moving towards the ers upon the main question, we do not ever, if we mistake not, a better day But there must be a voice to cry in the Slavery, in their own despite. Indi-thies and gaining the countenance and walk of half an hour in the morning,
gold region from Arkansas, Tennessee, now propose to consider. The incident- is coming. Who will help to hasten wilderness, "repent and flee from the rectly we have been the means of co-operation of this illustrious man, when you first rise, is advisable. It
and Missouri. Slave drivers are mak- al consequences, however, must prove it?-Concord Free Press.
wrath to come," although locusts and changing the dynasty that reigns over always known as an ardent friend of shakes off sleep, and produces other
wild honey must be its meat. The the land. The result, to be sure, Peace,, and lately raised to an eleva- good effects in the animal economy.-
The Southerners believe that they property in slaves shall not receive a
scattered labors of our little remnant of which substituted a Tyrant for a Sy- tion so conspicuous and honorable in Jefferson's Memoirs.
can rely on the Senate to keep off the legal recognition from the government
war-worn veterans, invaluable and all chophant on the throne was none of the presence of all Europe. M. de
POPULATION OF THE UNITED STATES.-
Wilmot Proviso, and that, should they hereafter to be organized for Califor There must doubtless be an unhap- essential as they are. are almost lost our seeking; but the fact shows that Lamartine received us with great kind-
be disappointed in this, the President nia, the loss to those who are sending py influence upon the manners of our sight of in the immensity of their field. the effects of long Anti-Slavery labors ness and courtesy, and when our pro- According to the estimates of the Commis
sioner of Patents, the population of the Uni-
will prevent its adoption. True, legal- slaves to that region will of course be people produced by the existence of They need a central organ to magnify are beginning to be recognized among jeet was explained to him, assured us, ted States now numbers 21,989,000 souls.
ly, without the Proviso, they have no ruinous; the territory will be deluged slavery among us. The whole com- their office and to proclaim and record the elements of political fermentation. in the most emphatic language, of his being an increase of 4,622,647 since 1940.
Men require some We have make the cauldron seethe, deep interest in our cause, and of his This does not include California and New
right to hold slaves in California, but with an ignorant and thieving popula-merce between master and slave is a their successes.
slavery has always been established tion, whose presence will be an unmit- perpetual exercise of the most boister-single point to which to look, to know and it matters little what scum is first willingness to aid us to the utmost of Mexico.
pre-
destined to absorb all that is really venting the passage of the Wilmot Legislature been different, we would with the good flag entrusted to them, wait upon Anti-Slavery fidelity, are of of Christianity, who has been sent to bear part in the deliberations of our
izations Ed. Republican
SLAVERY IN
says:
California."
says:
writes from Panama;
slaves."
the new territories,
The Boston Traveller says:-
grating to California.
Proviso was
ing up gangs of them to carry out." disastrous, in many respects. If the
SLAVERY.
her wide,
pride!"
on the
The
TO THE
your most eminent citizens, who by
We are, dear friends, yours truly,
HENRY RICHARD,
ELIHU BURRITT,
Secretaries of the London Peace
THE ART OF HEALTH.-Walking is
