"Onl Vearty cn the Ward.

° } EY. ns UR perpen

L, Gape Prince. o a ditt Fone. 1879S. “Terms. Ve per year: Hoh
ts.

That bett u i. :

for: mail, Roa ile j TA New Eldorado pissin en pears

fact that the Bulletcn can for thie paper:

com mun ccate with the out- vkon’ Miners. & ea ck dog- Let’

HR dade ltt | Sepik inva les ca, LOST Herne age
oO Dexter,

ah’? a5 ails, catr és A Joveney north of the Cape.

and om a Co ants at trader aod Mee eligrt Balled TEAS AG rth

sgn
& dog and deg deer. Cant oer are fess WA asco. Seb E AUN) Three stray dear- No
be long

rernmment do as much for old, Ach, occ erd oot é}
Apt fee te dela the rien i p yokex on Be Re. ehd. Wo char
1 unnecess © dela e _ .
| establishing of a Mid-Winter Oven! "Ee ap te Gh he proteg ke of +93 me Ke-yearss Terek
y

and mail route from SE. Alaska, o, lovin Bay Lead and Salver E) Aoi Peed ated ane Ree
wert ey are 3 iron they onkerthe eat not phon 8 yenas
é 0 Arcle whére| unte. e Spren 1a. V8
W-OFKOOT Ro mesihe

wa hare 2 chance summer math} a > -
yntif the entire Ty. cs Stocked” Galanin Dip Mich EFS ter and wehd hating -

weth domestccatea relndcen
With tae numerous trained dogs | Reindeer. b—Ne luck Ud Root —
and mative drivers whech are Althevg, A the Minter Aas is “EES - he.
Gistrebuted along the rcver beer a Strere one, our ree Jeopathcc A ai e
yar and sea-coast, and a |s/on ferd, yom moniber cng. ee hararun Suborb.
ams of trained deer, Seon fas farived and mei te, very wether and core
Dgte erds (n the regégn of Ben Griche last ear, phe as rs ment ey yr Kosse
tract, atew acl revigs ere 23h), end wa rg fer.
ony ld be established far 4 brifle. : the sping baton cn Fr and fat seed SIA ied
A Glose Calk (ii fe As tiled rom Be Te) ped ha chi hook x Father
brings mews Lhal 4 rd, 1 UBRE Ten seal bags oF w:
In Se an three Diomedes Oo-me- there has fb fawn, wand walres are to oe
&E chin beat, on thet» wey heme |o, wise Ceaths, 470 hyd, - ghang e for ane and 922),
fedtn Port oe arene. mga tig, a. ys looks frerd af Sree ‘ hs ber rBes. - 20,
wasve cessful atte, CHL EA as C6FEWDE We. loa
here én the surt, were carried 1 In view of the sceess atten OK-BA-OKS Meng nok
te

| pet toward their ésland here mg this third year of the ex-
the middle of the Hind ore) Scent on trope gre or
windand current. ‘this eoncinent, the Siberian
vch wn eds mess was bits Canes “scacea recngeen cfs
ree. ere, vate Ne. ‘0 be hope at Congress
Fa car ee sam Lhrough a i; elivitl nelonger delayto make. Scheriagy Wels elrerene Terry
er, Chat they yeached re adequate aBoropriate cons are mores ershins, and Leak
Elen, after ate em hours on rovisias Ker the SEeeA ine Jobacco.

cts aul any més, and sue- lok Arhlet Alas.ia with this LAST CHANCE
gBeege. ried LAST C

ceeded ‘ safely ‘landin valvable ancmal.

fais. a arrces:

~ ff Cossack at ast Ce elite Ti tt gears Tender, Lends
Weve

sk of thetr & tract

HB 22 th Pie Teer bré eur

Mews comes thre 4 Licameges Oa wt es able te cress él an |furs new b rt fore rm as

Natives, thata Aegstan off o the. ee, LY ee Edangerevs, ord SMAL STOCK =
eer, who has establisheds Gon w! rch bultew Esk ines and |
Bat at Indian Pe. Jeren, “el thes have ever made, «cs SMALL ’
winter has vistled Las Gio. oe Tretters’. con tem, Tigeid K k “tuk
Cape several Limes. a trop Bering Siract, Vigod OK-¢-b Uh,

a ae plan PH Fess ct en che
