UNITED STATES INFIRMARY,
Corner of 9th and E streets, adjoining the Methodist Pro-
Restant Church, ( Rev. Mr. Webster's, ) opposite the Rev
( B. Brown's residence, about eighty yards from the new
General Post Ofice, Washington City.
TR. BENJAMIN THOMSON, the Founder of the
Thomsonian Botanic Infirmaries in Boston, Massa-
chuset:s, and Concord, N. H., and more recently from the
: tate of Virginia, having long had a desire to establish an
Infirmary in this Metropolis, takes this method of infor-
ming the public that he has gratified that cesire, and has
titted up in a style unprecedented in this city (or perhaps
any other except his Infirmary at Concord, N. H., which
has been pronounced the most perfect one in the work)
the above desirable house, on the same plan with his In-
firmaries in the East and South, where his paticuts can
depend on such treatment as their infirmities may demand.
To my friends, and the friends of the system, I need
but say that I am here. They have, no doubt. seen my
prospectuses and my practice opcion of, in all the Thom.
sonian periodicals in the United States, and my unprece-
dented success in the places where I have heretofore proc-
tised. The system is still progressing with rapid strides,
and producing a complete revolution in the medical world.
For the benefit of the public, Dr. T. gives the ol-
towing extracts, relative to his practice in the places
where he has established infirmaries :
BOSTON .- Extract from Advertisement: - " Since April,
1832, un to May, 1834, be has administered upwards of
two thousand courses of Medicine to more than fifteen
hundred patients, visiting from six rods to six hundred
miles distant, in almost every stage of disease, the greater
part of whom have been cured. Patients given over to
die at the New York, Philadelphia, Massachusetts, New
Brunswick, and Ingane hospitals, have been cured at my
Infirmaries. ONE, and only one death, has occurred at
mny Infirmary, since i's establishment ; and $1000 is her.
offered to any individual who will prove to the contrary;
al-o. $1000 to any individual who will prove as great an
amount of business to have been accomplished during the
same time at any hospital in Europe or America, with
the occurrence of a less number of deaths and more cures."
CONCORD .- Extract from a Letter to a United States
Senator, dated January 1, 1835 -" DEAR SIR :-- There
appears to be considerable excitement here at pre-
sent
*
A new era seems to have com-
*
menced in medical science. Dr. Thompson has indeed
done wonders in the healing art. He has performed
cuves in the absence of all hope of patients, friends and
regular physicians. Of the many cases he has had, a
few have come to my knowledge which justice compels
me to mention.
" A young gentleman who had been out of health for
several years, and who I understand was at the Iafirma-
ry the same time you was, and in consequence of your
advice took one course of medicine, declared, as I am
informed, that he received more reliefin 15 minutes, un-
der the operation of the Botannic Medicines, than he had
before for four years, when under the charge of the most
eminent physicians of the State ; a few days after he
took another course and was cured A gentleman by the
name of Marden from Chichester, who had been affliet.
ed with dyspepsia and all its attendant train of evils for
several years, came to the Infirmary with the intention
of remaining one week, and was, agreeably to his own
declaration, cured in one day, and was enabled to return
to his family the third day after he left them, a well man.
This case, I understand, has caused consi lerable excite-
ment in Chichester and the neighboring towns. A young
lady-a deplorable case of mental derangement-cured in
one fortnight. A lady from Loudon, who, at the age of
seven years, suffered severely from a paralytic shock,
after which she was affected with fits and falling sickness
for 25 years, and was attended, without any benefit, by 17
regular physicians, came to the Infirmary, took 2 courses
of medicine, and was enabled to make a hearty meal of
animal food, of which she had not been able even to taste
for ten years, remains well, and able to labor at the pre-
sent time.
"Dr. Thomson's success in fevers has indeed been
great. He has taken patients from almost all the regular
physicians here, and restored them to health in a few
hours, although some of them were thought to be dange.
1ously sick by their friends and medical attendants, and
no prospect of recovering under six or eight weeks, if
they did at all."
PETERSBURG, VA -Extract from Certificate .- "We, the
undersigned, do hereby certify, with much pleasure, that
we have visited the Thomsonian Infirmary, recently es-
tablished in Petersburg, on the Thomsonian plan, and
believe that no one is better calculated to do it justice.
and to help the afflicted, than Dr. Thomson. We have
taken his medicines, and have seen them repeatedly given
with manifest advantage, in a number of cases where the
patients were quite ill. His peculiar manner of mixing
them goes to make them agreeable and palatable, and his
seeming skill in timing and proportioning the doses to
the age and strength of the patient and disease, met our
warmest admiration. His vapor and medicated baths are
truly luxurious, and are given in the most delicate and
agreeable way, and are perfec ly understood by the female
attendants, under the direction of Mrs Anson and Doctor
Thomson. The whole process, from what we have seen
and experienced, may be undergone by the most timid
Jady or delicate child, without the least apprehension of
danger in any point of view : on the contrary, with much
advantage, when it is needed. We would recommend
all the afflicted to the Thomsonians, and to the Petersburg
CARRIAGES FOR SALE .- The subscriber has on
hand a variety of family and pleasure carriages,
which are not surpassed by any thing of the kind in this
mark. t ; such as-
Coaches, close and open barouches
Small and farge chariottees, one with three seats
Buggy-wagons, sulkies, &c.
Which will be sold low for cash. S. cond-hand car-
riages taken in exchange. Repairing done as usual with:
heatness and depatch, and on the most reasonable terms.
THOS. YOUNG.
Sept 7
Porn. av. between 3d and 4 1-2 streets
FLODOARDO HOWARD'S
Improved Compound
· LUID EXTRACT OF SARSAPARILLA
FOR THE CURE OF
Serofula or Kings Evil,
Chronic Rheaumatism.
Syphilitic and Mercurial
Diseases,
White Swellings,
Obstinate eruptions of the
skin,
Uleerous Sores,
Pains in the Bones,
General Debility.
And all diseases requiring the aid of alterative medicines
This Extract is prepared from an improved formula,
sanctioned by scientific Physicians and Pharmaceutists, and
is decidedly one of the most active, efficacious, and con-
WAGONS, CARTS, DRAYS, OX WHEELS, &c.
The subscriber has on band a large assortment of
the above articles, of the very best quality, which he venient preparations in use.
would be glad to dispose of on reasonable terms, at his
old stand opposite the Tobacco warehouse, Georgetown
Aug 17 6m
RICHARD JONES.
WHITE LEAD FACTORY .- The subscriber offers
for sale or rent, on liberal terms, the white lead
factory, recenNy erected by him, near the railroad office.
If not disposed of by the Ist of September, the fixtures
and engine will be for sale. For particul irs. &c. inquire of
JOHN PURDY.
Also, for rent a new three-story brick house, situated
Ang. 10
on B street.
MAY & JONES, Attorneys at Law, Washington, D (
offer their professional services to the Public, in the
Courts of the District of Columbia and the neighboring
counties in Virginia and Maryland. They will attend to
the prosecution of claims before Congress, the Depart-
ments, theGeneral Land Office, &c &c. Their office
is on the corner of Pennsylvania avenue and Third street,
in the same building with Gen. Walter Jones, to whom
they respectfully make reference.
HENRY MAY,
CHAS. L. JONES
DRUGS, MEDICINES, &c.
N. W. corner of Pennsylvania Avenue & with st's . between
Brown's & Gadsby's Hotels, Washington Cily.
3G-Mercury is added only when regularly prescribed .- f
It should be used, where circumstances will admit.
under the cuidance and direction of a physician
Carefully prepared and sold only al my Pharmacy.
FLODOARDO HOWARD.
Also for sale at most of the Drug Stores in Washington
City. Baltimore, and throughout the United States.
The following Select Medicines and miscellaneous ar
ticles are also prepared and sold as above :
HOWARD'S TONIC MIXTURE, warranted a cure for
fever and ague.
HOWARD'S COMPOUND OF SARSAPARILLA, CUBEBS.
AND COPAIBA, for the cure of Gonorrhea, Gleets, Stric-
tures, &c. HOWARD'S VERMIFUGE, a safe and effectual
worm destroying medicine.
HOWARD'S CATHARTIC PILLS, without mercury.
HOWARD'S COMPOUND KREOSOTE TO:TH ACHE
DROPS.
HOWARD'S COMPOUND SYRUP OF CARRAGEEN, a
safe, simple, agreeable, and effectual remedy for coughs,
colds, asthmas, &c.
HOWARD'S COMPOUND KREOSOTE TOOTH WASH, for
arresting and preventing decay in teeth, and for diseases
of the gums ; an agrecable and pleasant wash for preserv-
ing them in a healthy condition.
HOWARD'S KREOSOTE TOOTH PASTE.
DR. WISTAR'S COUGH LOZENGES, celebrated for the
cuire of coughs, colds, &c.
HOWARD'S INDELIBLE INK.
THE undersigned respectfully informs the citizens of
Washington, and the public generally, that he has
taken the Drug Store formerly occupied by Dr. S. Mitch-
ell, corner of 6th street and Pennsylvania avenue, be-
tween Brown's and Gatsby's Hotels, where he intends
keeping on hand a full and fresh supply of Drugs, Medi-
cines, Chemicals, Paints, Oils, Dye Stuffs, &c. Also a
very general assortment of Fancy Articles. Chewing To-
bacco, Snuffs, and Segars. of the best quality
Physician's prescriptions carefully and accurately com
pounded.
July 13 --
WM. F. BENDER, from Philadelphia,
Pharmaceutist.
MPORTANT INFORMATION to persons afflicted
1
with the following complaints, viz: Scrofula, Leprosy
Salt Rheum, St. Anthony's Fire, Fever Sores, even when
the bones are affected, White Swellings; Violent Erup
tions, affer measels, Scurvy, Fonl Festering Eruptions,
Pimpled and Carbuneled faces, Sore Eyes, Sore legs, Scald
Head, Ulcers, Venereal Taints, when Mercury has failed,
and all disordersarising from an impure state of the blood
and humors --:. re assured that Dr. RELFE's Botanical Drops
continue unrivalled, for the prevention, relief, and cure of
these complaints. In proof of which read the following
remarkable cure of a case of 12 years' stunding:
Extract of a letter. "bir: My leg, which before did
not look like a human limb, is now entirely healed up
(after, resisting every other application for 12 years!)
Previous to taking your Relfe's Botanical Drops, I had
given up all hope of relief.
Another Cuse. An agent writes. "There is a person
taking the Botanical Drops, evidently with the greatest
advar tage." He declares, to use his own words, "It is
doing wonders for him," and is, as it were, "snatching
him from the grave."
Numerous instances have occurred where persons were
pining away a miserable existence, nothing they could
procure affording them permanent relief, until they had
made use of the above invaluable Medicine.
They are also the best Spring and Autumnal Physio
Price $1, or 6 bottles for $5.
For sale by
S. J. TODD,
Washington, D. C.
March 24.
TMPROVED SURGEON'S TRUSSES, for the radi-
cal cure of Hernia, or Rupture, by HEBER CHASE
M. D., Philadelphia.
HOWARD'S IMPROVED CHEMICAL CHLORIDE SOAP.
HOWARD'S CHEMICAL SHAVING COMPOUND.
HOWARD'S SUPERIOR TOILET SOAP.
HOWARD'S CHEMICAL ESSENCE OF SOAP, for remov-
ing grease, paint, tar, &c., from wearing apparel.
HOWARD'S CHRYSTAL CEMENT, for mending broken
glass, china, carthenware, &c.
HOWARD'S ISSUE OINTMENT, for keeping open issues
and blisters.
HOWARD'S MAGNOLIA EXTRACT, a delicate and delici-
ons perfume for the toilet.
HOWARD'S SUPERIOR COLOGNE WATER.
HOWARD'S FLORIDA WATER.
HOWARD'S LAVENDER WATER.
HOWARD'S HONEY WATER.
HOWARD'S SUPERIOR TOOTH POWDER.
April 14.
PHE SOUTHERN SILK MANUAL, and Farmer's
Magazine .- This work will be published under the
anspices of a number of gentlemen actively engaged in
the cultivation of MORUS MULTICAULIS, feeding of the
worms, and the manufacture of silk. It will be edited by
E YEATES REESE, and furnished to subscribers at one
dollar per annumn.
Ample arrangements have been made, and correspon-
dents established, to enable the editor to present a work
containing all the information necessary to the plantingand
cultivation of the trees, the feeding of the worms, and the
successful management of the entire silk business. The
work will also contain valuable information on agriculture
and farming generally.
It will be the particular object of the editor to promote
the interest of those engaged in the silk culture in the
Southern and Western States; as there the cultivator pos-
sesses peculiar advantages in respect to climate, soil, la-
bor, &e.
- Orders by letter, (post paid) with the subscription for
the year, will receive prompt attention. Address E.
Yeates Reese, Baltimore.
Persons desirous to have the above valuable work can
Be supplied by calling at my store, near the 7 Buildings.
Dec. S
F. HOWARD, Agent,
ONCENTRATED SIRUP OF SARSAPARILLA.
For diseases of the skin, tetter, pimpled face, scald
head, &c. the concentrated sirup of sarsaparilla is, when
used in onjunction with "Sands's Remedy." the most
effectual medicine in use. As an alterative in long-stand
ing rheumatic affections, mercurial diseases, &c. it may
be advar/ geonsly used as a substitute for the various se-
ret rersdies, as Swaim's, Potter's, &c and is recom-
mend /t by the Faculty as preferable to any of that class
of m / lieines. Carefully prepared at
TODD'S. Drug Store.
GUIDE for Mothers and Nurses in the manage men
of Young Children, with reference to hereditary or
amily diseases; complied in part from the best English
and American writers By Caleb Ticknor, M. A., M.
D. late Professor of Hygiene in the university of the city
of New York, author of the Philosopher, &c.
A few copies are received, and for sale
MODDICONO
