VOL. IV .--- NO. 43.
frederick Douglass'
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1851.
Paper.
WHOLE NO. 199.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS' PAPER.
stance, in our own, government is itself the
great land monopolist, and withholds from,
or sells to, the people what is the people's
own. I would here add, that, so long as
land-monopoly prevails, the masses will, be-
cause robbed of their land, be poor ; and so
poor, that "poverty's unconquerable bar"
will be interposed between them and the in-
telligence, comfort, and happiness, which are
their due, and without which life itself is no
blessing.
duty ; and equally complete is our success.
whether ten millions, or ten thousands, or
simply ten persons go along with us. It is a
sad spectacle, when a good man's faith be-
comes so weak, that he shrinks from a minori-
ty, and construes a minority into a failure.
Who was ever so successful, as Jesus Christ ?
and when was He more successful than when
TRUTH
The Buffalo Advertiser, a paper from which
the confession had not been expected, has
the following very truthfulcommentary upon
the effect of the operation of the fugitive
slave law in this section :
THE LYNCHING OF A WOMAN IN DOWNEVILLE,
CALIFORNIA.
THE NATIONAL LIBERTY PARTY CONVENTION.
MRS. FARNHAM IN CALIFORNIA .- A San Fran
cisco correspondent of the N. Bedford .Mer
cury, gives the following description of a lady
known in these parts :
FREDERICS DOUGLASS. Editer.
JOHN THOMAS, Corresponding Editor.
We insert in our paper, to-day, the resolu-
tions of the Liberty Party National Conven-
tion, held at Buffalo. We do so, although
we have not yet found time to examine them
with that attention which we admit to be
due to all resolutions emanating from so re-
spectable a source. That last adjective, we
have used in what we conceive to be its legiti-
mate, rather than its popular, acceptation. We
remember to have read several biographies.
in each of which the subject is pronounced
to be "the son of poor but respectable
parents ;" and have often wondered, that the
The San Francisco Picayune thus com-
ments on the hanging of a woman at Downe-
ville in the mining district. It presents a
sad picture of morals in California, but we
fear a true one :
" In Santa Cruz, I called on Mrs. Farn
ham. I found her not at home, but met
there a Miss Bruce, who received me kindly
and not only kindly, but familiarly, simply
excusing Mrs. F. for being absent on a field
where she overlooked some work After
some conversation, where I struck a number
of rich veins, of course without medically
SPEECH OF GERRIT SHITH.
Made in the National Liberty Party Caneen:
tion at Buffalo, September 17, 1861, when
the following: Resolutions were tender dis-
" It is evident that the operation of the fu-
gitive slave law does anything but reconcile
the people of the North to slavery.
While
He hung upon the cross ? Then it was, how-
ever, when, by having done his last duty and
"finished" his word, he had reached the
highest success-then it was, that His dis-
ciples all forsook Him, and that truth was
left in a minority of one. Strictly speaking.
truth is never in a minority. God is, always,
on its side ; and He, of Himself, constitutes a
majority. For the like reason, all, who iden-
tify themselves with truth, are in majority.
But, I must close. In the light of the
truth, beauty, and value of righteous civil
government, how defensible, needful, impor-
tant is the Liberty Party ! The object of
this Party is to realize the just idea of civil
government, and to secure to the human
family the blessings of impartial and right-
eous civil government. Alas, how greatly
does our own nation need blessings ! Alas,
how greatly do the other poor bleeding and
crushed nations of the earth need them
Give to all nations righteous civil government
-and christianity, now so obstructed by un-
righteous civil government, will, then, travel
triumphant through them all. Give to all
nations righteous civil government, and then |
the heart's desire of the land reformer will
be realized, for, then, there will be no land-
less : and, then, the heart's desire of the
temperance reformer will be realized, for,
then, there will be no dram-shop : and then,
the heart's desire of the anti-slavery reformer
will be realized, for, then, there will be no
slaves : and then the heart's desire of the
advocate of peace will be realized, for then
there will be no war : and, then, the heart's
desire of the advocate of woman's rights will
be realized, for, then, justice will be done
both to man and woman.
Come that blessed
day ! Come quickly !
3d. Notwithstanding the right to buy and
seli freely is a great and obsolute right, gov-
ernment does, nevertheless, by means of its
unnatural tariffs, invade and annihilate it.
4th. Government permits men to traffic in
intoxicating drinks, and, thus, to manufacture
papers and madmen-paupers, who burden,
beyond endurance, the industry of the sober,
and madmen innumerable, who revel in
burnings and murders.
they acquiesce in the necessity of sustaining
the laws of the country, living in all good
faith with their political brethren and main-
taining the guarantees of the Constitution,
their hatred for the 'pecujar institution' is
increased by every recapture of a fugitive in
their midst."
What are the circumstances of the case ?-
A party of drunken men, reeling home after
a debauch, forced the docr of a private house,
in which a female resided, and insulted the
inmates.
The house was not a brothel, nor
the woman a prostitute. Of this outrage no
notice was taken, but the party returning for
the vilest of purposes, and insulting the wo-
man with the grossest epithets, her Southern
blood boiled over with indignation, and in a
moment of passion, she seized a knife and in-
flicted on one of them a mortal wound. For
this she was taken to the cross-roads, and
publicly hanged !
| Resolved, That righteous civil govern-
ment is an indispensable agency for blessing
www wwving the world : and that every political
party which does not identity itself, openly
nii heartity, with such government, is un-
bleeding them, I discovered that she was a
highly educated Scotch woman, and learned
that she, with another lady from Massachu
disjunctive conjunction should ever have been
so employed by persons professing them-
selves to be disciples of One whom all Chris-
tians believe to have been hard pushed for
comfortable lodgings. The members of the
Liberty party, though led by a man as afflu-
ent as he is great, are generally poor in purse.
and poorer in numbers. But there never
setts, and an Irishman, were in partnership
with Mrs. Farnham-something like a Fou
rierite association.
Miss Bruce had the care
of the garden, Mrs. - , from Massachusetts
the housework, Mrs. Farnham of the fields.
and the Irishman of the hard, coarse work -
The farm is delightfully situated in the
bosons of a green hill covered with wood
was a more respectable party. There never
May we expect Southem men to be wise
in timeto save greater trouble to the country
than it has yet seen. The people of the
free States have no intention or wish to act
aggressively ; and their conviction, founded
upon education and habits should not be dis-
regarded and trampled upon by the rough
executors of the slave lav. So long as the
Southern planters can retain their slaves,
there should be and will be no interference, at
loast none that should alarm them or greatly
annoy them.
But when, through the effeet
of ill-treatment, or from a longing for free-
dom, the slave escapes, he should not be pur-
sued beyond the boundaries of the slave
States. This we think would be the wisest
course to pursue, say nothing about the ques-
tion of right-though we believe a slave has a
right to steal himself if hecan. Our laws on
this point are less humane and liberal than
those existing in Poland in the thirteenth
century. It was one of the provisions of the
laws of that country regulating serfdom, that
in a case a serf ran away from his master on
account of ill-treatment or discontent, the
latter should have no right to reclaim him ;
but the slave was obliged to restore any prop-
erty belonging to his master that he had ta-
ken away in his flight. This was liberal and
just,-protecting the rights of a class so
greatly dependent upon their absolute mas-
ters, and acted as a check upon the cruel tem-
per and capricious passion of the slave-
owner. Slaves are a component part of the
people represented, but they have no voice in
legislation, and Congress passes very few laws
for the protection of their rights. A govern-
ment like ours, founded upon principles of
justice to all who live under it, should be
more regardful of the interests of so large a
mass of the people. It is a matter of great
wonder to all the world beside that the re-
public should sustain itself at all, while such
an anomaly exists as the recognition of Afri-
can slavery in the most absolute form. It is
sustained by the resolute determination of
the people that it shall not fail to be the one
green spot in all the earth where a free rep-
resentative government is maintained, and a
beacon-light held up to the oppressed, show-
ing that here is a haven where they may
come and enjoy the rights of conscience. The
intelligent convictions of the people are firmly
set in favor of the government established by
WASHINGTON, and not even the incubus of
slavery will be able to break it down, nor the
wranglings and factions which that institu-
tion causes, tear it asunder. As respects the
fugitive law, however, their convictions are
quite on the other side-they do not think it
a just or wise law, and will see it executed
with a feeling of pain and disgust, whenever
it is brought to a practical test. The fact
that a great majority will rather stand by the
officers whose duty it is to carry it out, al-
though they think it cruel and wrong, is a
2 Kssolved, That righteous civil govern
ment is impartial towards all its subjects, and
relmann all the wrongs within its reach : and
that. benen, it discrets the policy of remov.
5th. By means of its wars, its standing
armies and navies, and its fortifications, gov-
ernment impoverishes, and demoralizes, and
wastes its subjects.
6th. Government compels one generation
to pay the debts of another, and fastens
upon the innocent men of the present day
the mountain debts, which were wickedly
contracted by their ancestors, centuries ago.
Going Justice to one portion of its subjects
living another to groan under injustice ;
ani that, maite emphatically, it dlisowns the
relay ot removing one cvil by means which
confirm and perpetuate other evils, and of
close by a running stream, and a little mill.
with a prospect over the shore land of Santa
Cruz, and a glimpse of the Bay of Monterey
The country there is beautiful, romantic
and idyllic at the same time. We were te
galed by a glass of rich milk and some fruit.
and being anxious to see Mrs. Farnham, Miss
Truce gave us the direction. We took to
our mules, passed a shadowy, poetical path
through thick wood, flower bushes, chesnuts.
and some highly aromatic shrubs and over
greens, and saw a group of people, consisting
of a ploughman behind a heavy plough drawn
by four oxen, led by a boy, and commandlel
by a lady, whip in hand. "We were certain
we were right, and dismounted, but could not
help first looking into a book which we dis
covered near by, which proved to be Miche
let's history of the Roman Republic. Soon
is possible of realization.
we were in the presence of the group. Com
pliments were exchanged. Mrs. Farnham
apologized for her dress, which consisted of
a Massachusetts calico bonnet with a short
tunic and wide pantaloons of the same.stuff
over light boots. She said she was not able
to do anything in the long frocks, when go
ing up stairs or up hills she was obliged to
keep it up with her hands, and going down
stairs and down hill it troubled her, besides it
killed so many little plants in the garden : so
she had resolved to do away with it. Miss
be it never so contemptible on the score of Bruce had adopted the same style."
Now, we venture to say, that bad this old
woman been an American instead of a Mexi-
can-had she boasted of white blood, as they
call it-as though the caste of a woman, if it
affected her case at all, should not have
tended to make her executioners more leni-
ent-had she been of the Anglo-Saxon race,
instead of being hung for the deed, she would
have been lauded for it ; and instead of an
account appearing in the papers of a 'horri-
ble murder 'by a Mexican woman,' every press
in the State would have rung with acelama-
tions for the ' heroic conduct of a female,' or
the ' determined defense of her virtue by a
lady in the mines.' It was not her guilt
which condemned this unfortunate woman,
but her caste and Mexican blood.
Of her trial we know not how to speak .-
We know of no terms which are capable of
expressing the horrible, the savage brutality
of it.
Of course, the witnesses were sworn ;
the men who tried her needed no testimony ;
they thirsted for her blood, and the form of a
trial was an impediment to their desires,
which they cursed as they hurried through it.
The Judge-John Rose, of Rose's Ranche,-
let his name be remembered-stated to the
witnesses that they must tell the truth, "just
as if they had been sworn,' to which they as-
sented-and lied : a physician who testified
in her behalf was beaten ; a lawyer who at-
tempted to get justice done her, was threat-
ened with hanging, and ordered to leave
town; and amid the shouts of the blood-
thirsty monsters, whose rage would hardly be
restrained even for the short hour, the up-
right, intelligent and impartial jury brought
in a verdict of murder, and condemned her to
be hanged in two hours !- WHICH SENTENCE
WAS EXECUTED.
was another political party, of views at once
so universal and so philanthropic. It is scarce
necessary to say, that we do not accept all
the principles of that party ; and our course
demonstrates our non-acceptance of some
of its measures. But we conceive all of both
to be worth the examination of every live
man and woman, and are sure, that many of
either will be heeded by every such man
and woman. The most distinguishing meas-
ure of the Liberty party is that of going for
all things, at once, or at the same time, in
the political sphere ; which it very correctly
calls, going for the establishment of "a right-
cous civil Government." We think the meas-
ure impinges against a fundamental law of
progress. By that law, only one thing, or ex
ceedingly small number of things, at a time,
Wasil believe in christianity : and we all
Mlinu, that she only can reform, and save,
Ha this sin crazed and sin ruined world.
tunity though she is, she, neverthe-
urk without tools. Christianity
sheis the. tovertheless, constitutes
no chaptum to the universal law, that, where-
I need not multiply my accusations against
the spurious civil government, which afflicts
every nation. Those I have now brought
against it. suffice to show, that such govern-
ment is the heaviest curse under which earth
groans.
Now, what must be the effect of such
government on the mass of its subjects but
to make them ignorant and base and wretch-
edi-what less, in a word, than to make the
elevating and christianizing of them impossi-
bie, so long as such government is allowed
its sway over them ?
adapted to the work. If we could be warranted
in supposing it pe ille for christianity to use
wrong tools, we should be warranted in say
ing that, in using them, she would do more
And, yet, the great mass of christians up-
hold such government ! And even they,
who have the care and control of missionary
undertakings, uphold it ! How absurd, that
the advocates of such government should be
engaged in sending forth missionaries to
evange ize the heathen! The very thing
most needed to get the heathen into circum-
stances, in which they can be reached by the
truth, is the subversion of their oppressive
civil governments. But if the missionaries
are like those, who send them, (and this is to
be taken for granted. ) they will rather sympa-
thize with these governments than seek to
subvert them. The celebrated Swartz kept
himself on good terms with the oppressive
governments around him. Even when these
governments were at war with each other,
they were at peace with this idolized mis-
sionary. What, however, of the fruits of his
labors did these withering governments leave?
Almost nothing. When he had passed away,
and another band of missionaries had come
to the scene of his labors, scarce an evidence
could they find, that he had ever been
there ;- scarce a trace of his triumphs was
left.
But we do not, therefore, say, with the
herd of politicians, that no good can come of
the efforts of such a party as the Liberty
party. We believe, that much good has come
of it. It is an eloquent preacher of great
truths. It is a political " John the Baptist,
crying in the wilderness;" and we have no
doubt, that its crying will facilitate the pre-
vention of much erying of another sort.
It
would be impossible for a party, acknowledg-
ing as its leader such a man as Gerrit Smith,
numbers, to exist, and not do great good.
Mr. Smith, in his earliest manhood, foresee-
ing the rottenness it would come to, aban-
doned the Whig party, of which, in the Em-
pire State, he was one of the young idols ;
and has since done more for Humanity, and
will have done more for his country, than we
believe to have been done for either by both
the Whig and the Democratic party.
Les christianity cannot accomplish im
She cannot make progress by
ber progress. What, however, im
p. hier progress so much as unrighteous
niment : unrighteous civil govern
wut which, by means of oppressions that
PERPLEXING CASE OF SLAVE CAPTION.
warfs the inteliget, and stupelies and
the wrongsel and robbed
: and which nourishes in
if caste and
Commissioner Ingraham has encountered
another "case," in his vocation of master
slave-hunter, which bids fair to puzzle him
even worse than that affair of sending back
the wrong man. An old lady named Casey,
about 60 years old, whose name with those of
several of her children was placed among
the subjects to be captured by the Gorsuch
band, called on the Commissioner and ex-
pressed an earnest desire to be sent back to
her master, a Mr. Davis, "as she was in a
hurry." . Her story is as follows :
I selfish an
suchty allee
tis-aml which, thus, unfits all, both the
high and the low -the high,
cause of their
Prhits and the low, Incause of their abject-
z christianity? It is a mis-
take, that christianity is adapted to all classes
anil conditions ; and that she can prosper
amour slaves and among slaveholders. She
THE EXPEDITION INTO CENTRAL AFRICA .-
Mr. Petermann has furnished us with the
following further particulars relative to two
expedition in Central Africa :
" Communications from this expedition
have at last been received by his Excellency
Chevalier Bunsen : they go, however, only
about a fortnight later than the last letters
which were received in April [see ante. P.
405.]-being dated the 14th of November
1850. The travelers were still in the king
dom of Air, awaiting the return of the great
salt caravan of the Keloes and the Prince
En-Nur from Bilma, whence they fetch the
salt which they take to Sudan. Dr. Overweg
was most anxious to accompany the caravan
to Bilma, but was unable to secure sufficient
protection for the undertaking. Dr Barth
was more fortunate in his journey to Aghades
-whence he returned to Tintellus on the 5th
of November. A part of his official account
of this journey, his stay in Aghades, and his
description of that region, has been sent
home; and, from what I have seen, promises
to be extremely comprehensive and valuable
-including not only his observations on the
geography and archæology, but also all that
" About five years ago, on Easter day, her
sons had a holiday, and were permitted to
enjoy themselves. They went as far as Havre
de Grace, and took a boat for Pennsylvania.
Some time afterwards her two daughters fled
also, and took up their abode in the same
place where their fugitive brothers resided,
which, we believe, was Christiana. The mas-
ter, she says, charged her with a knowledge
of their whereabouts, and with privity to
their escape. He then punished her, and
directed her to be off, and not to show her
face upon his farm again until she had
brought back her fugitive sons and daugh-
among both, she may, here and there, maks
But wơ ří peat, that she can pros-
pet among neither. Her home and theatre
ut her triumphs are among neither the rich
not the poor, the oppressore nor the oppress-
The circumstances preferred by Agur.
equally removeel, as they are, from the pride
of wealth on the one hand, and from the ab-
jeet dependence of poverty on the other
But one circumstance was wanting to make
the murder of this woman unparalleled in
atrocity. She was in a condition that would
have made her life sacred, even in the most
barbarous ages, and under the bloodiest code
that ever cursed the world.
An unborn in-
The convention nominated Gerrit Smith
as a candidate for the office of President,
and Charles Durkee, of Wisconsin, as a
candidate for that of Vice President, of the
United States.
How great and urgent, then, is the world's
need of righteous civil government !- and
how small the prospect of speedily obtaining
it !
are the circumstances, which the un-
atal and spurious civil governments of
tu ... Bliss a nation, however.
The Herald, in noticing these nominations,
thus exhibits its innate vulgarity : " Mr. D.
is white, which shows some progress during
the past year even with the old Liberty
party." We do not see what complexion has
to do with a man's fitness for an office re-
quiring an active and a well informed mind ;
but we do see, that gross obesity, as tending
to induce mental stupidity, as coarseness of
feelirg, might seriously disqualify a man for
such an office .- Independent True Dem.
fant perished with its murdered mother, be-
fore it saw the light.
To whom, but to christians and reformers,
shall we look to set up righteous civil gov-
ment in the earth ? I say christians and re-
formers :- for, if it is true, that every chris-
ters.
She then left and came into Penn-
tian is, because he is a christian, a reformer ;
sylvania, where her children resided, and
" kotched up with them,' to use her own
language, 'about a year afterwards.' She
alleges that twice she went home to her mas-
it is, also, true, that there are reformers,
who are not christians. To whom, I repeat,
but to them can we look to establish right-
cous civil government? Nevertheless, until
ter, and both times was driven away by him,
they are freed from their false education on
as she had not her children with her. Her
sufficient evidence of the deep seated resp
HIGH-HANDED OUTRAGE.
A dispatch from New York to the Boston
papers of Monday says, that "four negroes,
charged with being concerned in the Chris-
tiana riot, were brought before Judge Pear-
son at Harrisburg, on Saturday, on a writ of
habeas corpus. The Judge decided that the
committing magistrate had been guilty of a
gross dereliction of duty, in sending them to
jail without eride
die
Hteous government-with a gov
will maintain impartially all
that woquale of Such other in wealth.
Wwwwil, that christianity must have suita-
ble tool to work with l'our tool, however.
DANIEL THE FALSE PROPHET-
men implicated in the fate areadfu Gaceay
in Lancaster county, who have not been ar-
rested. She says that on the night after
for law which prevails everywhere .... .. It is a
ever, which a wise government will be slow to
exact .- Democrat.
charged, whereupon Commissioner MeAllister
officers. The negroes were immediately
hand-cuffed in open court and conveyed to
the Commissioner's, where an examination
was held with closed doors, which resulted in
the slaves being handed over to the claimants.
The extraordinary nature of the proceedings
gave rise to great excitement, but there was
no violation of law."
tween religion and politics, and to regard
religion as one thing, and politics as another.
They are educated to look upon the civil
government as a thing distinct and different
from the Divine government, instead of being
but a department of that government-and a
department too, in which there is required
to be as full and pure and influential and de-
eisive an exhibition of truth, justice, mercy,
as in any other department of the Divine
government.
" Render unto Cæsar the
things which are Caesar's, and unto God
the things which are God's," means with
the great majority of christians, that civil
government is entitled to some things, to
which God is not entitled ; and that it may
not only lack identity with the Divine govern-
ment in its aims and interests, but may, at
some points, be actually and diametrically
opposed to it. Urge the duty of making civil
government religious and holy, and the great
mass of christians will pronounce you foolish,
fanatical, mad. "Bible politics " is, in their
eyes, a solecism, a self-contradiction, and
absurdity. No exercise draws out their con-
tempt and hatred more promptly and fully
than " preaching politics."
You may as well
talk to them of the duty of making brothels
pious, and of sanctifying dram-shops and
gambling-houses, of the duty of bringing
civil government under the control of religion.
They do not believe, that God requires civil
government to be holy. They do, it is true,
admit the rule : " Whether, therefore, ye eat
or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the
glory of God:"-but they believe, that civil
government constitutes an exception to this
rule, an i is exempt from its obligation. In
short, they do not believe, that holiness is
becoming to civil government. They admit,
that " holiness unto the Lord" should be in-
seribed upon pots and horse-bells.
But
such an inscription upon civil government !
-oh, it would be the most out-of-the-
way thing, in their eyes! It would be to
" cast pearls before swine." It would be, a
" jewel of gold in a swine's snout." It would
be carrying religion into the Devil's own
province. And, yet, these very christians,
who consign civil government to the Devil,
identify themselves with just such civil gov-
ernment as they consign to the Devil ; vote
for its oppressive and profligate administra-
tors ; and wallow in its corruptions !
erthe-
bonded
Christians are educated to draw a line be-
SYRACUSE, Thursday, Oct. 2, 1851.
he could conect respecting the history, pres
ent political condition, statistics, &c., of a
Speech deliveredy ;- Daniel Webster, in a
last, thus spoke of the Fugitive Slave Law :
" Depend upon it, the Law will be ex-
'ecuted in its spirit and to its letter. It will
' be executed in all the great cities-here in
' Syracuse, in the midst of the next Anti-
' Slavery Convention, if the occasion shall
arise.'
. and to use
the tragedy in question, several white men
came to the house of the colored men and
took them away in wagons to a place of
safety. The old lady says that she told her
boys to go back with her to her master, but
they replied that ' they would never go back
to him alive.'"
joved the temperature of the winter months
having employed their leasure hours in ac
quiring a thorough knowledge of the Arabic
and the Haussa, the two principal languages
of the countries as far as Lake Tehad. The
Haussa indeed is the chief medium in the
Great Desert and Sudan from Mursuk to
Kanz, in Borneo, Arabic being principally
spoken."-Atheneum.
THE RELIGIOUS PRESS OF ENGLAND AND
AMERICAN SLAVERY.
a blast al -avel world, until christians shall
make te ot righteous civil government
It
The susceptibility of the American slave-
holders and slavery-supporting churches on
the other side of the Atlantic, as to what
is said of them by the religious portion of the
British community, received a very remarka-
ble illustration in the British Banner of Wed-
nesday last. We have transferred into our
columns two letters from our contemporary,
to which we invite the attention of our read-
ers, arising out of a communication on Amer-
ican slavery, which appeared in the Banner
in July last. Of course our readers will
credit " Mr. Zeno J. Ashton," whose charac-
teristic letter will be read with edification,
when he gravely assures us that the negroes
on his plantation were unanimously resolved
to enjoy the supreme gratification, if they
had only the opportunity, of soundly ducking
Mr. Chesson in a horse-pond, because he had
so grossly outraged their feelings, as to de-
nounce the "peculiar institution," and to be
of opinion that the slaves ought to be eman-
cipated.
So do our Southern tyrants ride rough-
shod over the free institutions of the North-
ern States. So does the iron will of one
According to promise, and for the sake of
the Union, the aforesaid Daniel and his fol-
lowers undertook yesterday to carry the afore-
said law into effect "here in Syracuse."
upholling unrighteous civil government
They must uphold righteous civil govern-
The Commissioner hesitated whether to
send her back at the expense of the United
States; but at length, it is said that, under
the pressure of the exposure and other cir-
cumstances, the master has consented to re-
ceive his prize-the shell without the oyster.
Whether the woman has any other object
than to quarter herself on her old master for
support, is not known.
will not have done their whole duty until
they shall have added to this negative merit
it murit of voting for just men.
Mans, house of the corruptions of civil
comment, when in the hands of unworthy
administrators, have resolved to abandon
weil zwemmen altogether. But this is as
alcuni, as torsulve to have nothing to do
with apple. because some are rotten :
thing todo with notes and bills, because
Het noites anul billsare counterfeit.
Mr. Garrison and his
antaljustits non voting on the ground, that
wicked instru-
But potas, what has the Constitution.
whether pro slavery, as they think it, or anti-
I think, to do with the right to
The Constitution does not create the
It is a God-given right-and over-
all human authority. It is true, that
- may la human laws to regulate the
"Ameise of the right : but the right itself is
mivel from a power infinitely above human
There are number of thoughts suggested
by the case, throwing light on the subject of
slavery and its bearing on the well-being of
its subjects. The aged matron of three-
score years was " punished," i. e., scourged
with stripes, a woman and a mother whipped
for no other reason but that her boys dared
to be free ! The Austrian has never gone to
that length. (Haynau only whipped a wo-
man in the prime of life for the sake of her
husband. ) Then the man who had enjoyed
her labors for fifty years without wages
turned her adrift in her old age to beg or
starve as she might, unless she would be-
It
of Millard Fillmore's contemptible Com-
missioners over-ride the decisions of a Judge.
was the day selected for our County Agricul-
tural Fair and a Convention of the Liberty
party. A large number of persons were in
from the country. It had been rumored that
a slave-hunter had been here two or three
.weeks, making preparations for a grab at
this most propitious time. About two o'clock
P. M., James Henry was arrested, hand-
cuffed, and drawn on a cart through the
So does this Whig administration establish
a secret inquisition, and in the very face of
a judicial decision, trample upon the right of
trial by jury, and consign men to eternal
bondage without a hearing, and without any
proof being offered that the men claimed as
slaves have ever submitted to an hour of such
degradation in their lives. While these in-
streets, with some eight or ten persons hold-
famous outrages upon naturaland civil rights
are going on in this land, the Whig press of
ing him down. He was a stout, athletic fel-
Massachusetts is calling upon the people to
low, about half white. The bells of the
churches were rung, when a crowd immedi-
ately gathered in front of the Police-Office.
sustain the administration, and countenance
these abominable proceedings, by electing
men to office who endorse, sanction, and ap-
where his trial was to take place, until it had
prove of them, who are in favor of sustain-
reached several thousand. As his trial pro-
gressed the excitement became intense. This
continued until dark, when the Court ad-
journed to this morning. The prisoner was
ing all the compromises with slavery and op-
posed to all agitation for the repeal of the
Fugitive Slave Law. And will the people do
it? That is the question which they must
then taken into a back room in the rear of
answer for themselves at the polls. Our own
the main office. A tremendous yelling then
opinion is, that they will not; that there is
commenced ; stones were thrown ; the doors
and windows of the office were smashed, and
too much of patriotism, too much of the
tray her children, or until their pity for their
helpless mother should constrain them to be-
come voluntary slaves. Then the power of
the United States is put in requisition to
capture and return the sons to the master
who has turned their mother out of doors to
perish, and whosoever will not aid in enfore-
ing the process is branded as a traitor to his
country and threatened with the halter for
We do not know whether we ought to con-
gratulate or condole with the slavery-abetting
churches of America on the accession of Mr.
J. Zeno Ashton to the ranks of those of their
advocates who have eagerly rushed into print.
But of one thing wecan have no doubt. Hav-
ing now made the important discovery, that
the most certain and most speedy mode of
forcing our way to the citadel of slavery is by
demolishing the outposts which are planted in
the bosom of the American churches, we
must bring all our energies and resources in-
cessantly to bear on those churches, until
they either purge themselves from the sin of
slavery, or perish in their determination to
uphold the Satanic system.
CATHERINE HAYES .- Hardly has the voice
of Jenny Lind died upon the ear before we
are lured by the notes of another distin
guished soprano from the old world: thu
" Swan of Erin" follows the " Swedish Night
ingale." The quality of Miss Hayes' voice
and her style of execution, are said to ditler
widely from those of Miss Lind, so that a
comparison can hardly be instituted between
them. From a beautiful tribute to the mer
its of this lady, compiled by a contributor to
the Dublin University Magazine, and for
warded to us by Mr. Wardwell, it appears
that she has a reputation in the musical
world that may well raise the highest exper
tations of our musical amateurs. If welaro
rightly informed Miss Haves will adopt the
course of Miss Lind, and sing in Concert and
Oratorio, but not in opera or on the stage -
This will afford our citizens an innocent and
a rational recreation, we hope to the damage
of theater-receipts.
We are glad to learn
that negotiations are pending for the engaza-
ment of Miss Hayes in the oratorios of that
Harmonic Society.
Will not our citizens
sustain a Society that might do much to nie
vate the standard of sacred music ? In a few
weeks we may be able to speak advisedly
of this new visitant in the world of song --
Independent.
It our neighbors assemble to choose
Hil rulers it is our privilege, our right. our
Hus to assembleand participate with them :
- as well when statutes and
are bad, as when they are
La it will, that the rulers elect are re-
már I từ thần cath et chiếc, in the taking
et which they must dishonor and perjure
Our reply is, that we will see
từ it, thật tục trên, for whom we vote, are
Damel O Connell like. will
who, also. Daniel
Connell like, will, mvertheless, insist on
holding the office
treason.
What becomes of the story, that
the owner is obliged to provide for his slaves
in sickness or in old age ? In any other
case but that of slavery, it is law that he who
would claim his rights must discharge his
duties ; but so eager are many people to show
their loyality to the despot that they will
sacrifice everything dear and sacred to com-
ply with his demands. The utter contempt
with which the slaveholders regard the hu-
manity and self-respect of the North is an-
other feature of the case. But we will not
utterevery thought that rises at such a scene.
-Independent.
I said, that it is not enough to be neutral
have nothing to do with civil government.
wither with that which is good, or with that
while ba . Civil government must be
And when. the world
Heitimate purposes and for none other, then
Nery part of the world make such pro-
Illness an I happiness, as none, not
musst favorvel part of it, has ever
We referred to the false education of re-
formers, as well as of christians, in regard to
Anti-slavery reformers,
Temperance reformers, Land reformers, and
other reformers ask for reformations at the
hands of government. But they do not ask
for righteous government. Nay, they do not
wish government to be righteous. They pre-
wermin ut must be used. Let
misapprehensions
province of government.
or it a wide province. I claim
hall build roa ls and canals for
fer, that it should continue to be unright-
cous
Each class of these reformers wishes
success for its own reform : and, as to the
other wrongs of government, it prefers, that
at least some of them should continue. Land
reformers, whilst calling on government to
I claim for t. in a word, nothing | espouse their favorite reform, are, neverthe-
. ... right to protect its subjects- less, willing to vote for slaveholders and
rum-sellers. Anti-slavery reformers ask
government to be anti-slavery ; but are will-
ing that government should be indifferent to
the claims of the landless. And Temperance
reformers are ready to vote for land-monopo-
lists and slaveholders, if they believe that
they can, thereby, promote the cause of
temperance. Each class of reformers is a
one-idea class of reformers. Each class of
reformers goes for but a fraction of truth,
and turns its back upon, or even arrays itself
against, the remainder of the truth. In a
word, each class of reformers is too selfish to
care for the reforms, which other classes of
reformers are interested in; and I add, tlfat
it is too foolish, because of its selfishness, to
accomplish the success of even its own re-
form.
hart chali come to be used for all its civil government.
WILD CAT AND THE RUNAWAY NEGROES .-
The Houston (Texas) Telegraph has the
following :
Mr. W. Secrest, who has recently visited
the Mexican towns in the vicinity of Eagle
Pass, has informed us that the statement
we published a few weeks since, in regard
to the runaway negroes that have collected
in those towns, is entirely correct. He says
that he was informed that no less than two
hundred and seventy runaways crossed the
ferries at Eagle Pass and Lorendo last year.
Several hundred also crossed the fords
above Eagle Pass. It is estimated that there
are not less than 1300 runaways at the town
that has lately been built by Wild Cat, near
the mouth of Los Moras.
The greater part of these runaways have
escaped from Arkansas, but at least five
hundred are, it is said, fugitives from Texas.
Wild Cat has a large number of negroes
armed, and they often accompany him on
his expeditions against the Camanches. He
has made two successful forays into the
Camanche country. On one of these forays
he had two hundred Indian and one hundred
Negro warriors. He attacked a large Cam-
anche lodge, killed one hundred and fifty
warriors, and captured over six hundred
horses and mules. On his second expedi-
tion against the Camanches, he was accom-
panied by one hundred Mexicans and a large
party of Kickapoos.
And here, in alluding to the publication of
the correspondence which we have trans-
ferred to our columns from the British Ban-
ner, let us express the sense we entertain of
the signal services which that journal has
rendered to Christianity as well as to the Ab-
olitionist cause, by the powerful articles
which have from time to time appeared in its
pages, on the enormous sin committed by the
American churches in sanctioning Slavery,
and the scarcely less grievous guilt con-
tracted by those ministers and members of
Christian churches in this country, who either
receive pro-slavery preachers into their pul-
pits or admit slaveholders or abettors of sla-
very, to church fellowship.
The British Banner possesses great influ-
ence among the religious denominations in
America, as well as in Great Britain ; and a
few more of the same kind of articles as the
one which appeared in its columns a fort-
night ago, would drive the whole body of
slaveholders into a similar paroxyism of mad-
ness to that into which our friend " Zeno
Ashton " appears to have been driven, by a
simple letter in the columns of our contem-
porary. And if once this fit of madness had
come over the slaveholding fraternity, we all
know what would be sure to follow. " When
the gods," says the heathen maxim, " mean to
destroy, they first make mad."-Morning
Advertiser.
spirit of liberty and too high a regard for
the precpts and teachings of the Gospel of
Jesus, among the descendants of the Pilgrims
and of those who defied the usurpation of
Great Britian in 1775, to permit them to be
turned aside from the path of duty in times
like these, and lend themselves to the unholy
work of crushing the institutions of freedom
which were won for them by their toils, pri-
vations and sacrifices. When Massachusetts
endorses the men who glory in such transac-
tions as above recorded, we shall think that
the spirit of the old time has departed from
among us, but not till then .- Mass. Spy.
22 The following paragraph from a
charge by the late Justice Story, is quoted by
the pro-slavery papers in support of the no-
tion that the Christiana and Syracuse rioters
are guilty of treason. How these " Daniels'
make out any such result from it, we are
unable to understand :- Roch. Democrat.
" In regard to the treasonable design, it is
not necessary that it should be a direct and
positive intention entirely to subvert or over-
throw the government. It will be equally
treason if the intention is by force to pre-
vent the execution of any one or more gen-
eral and public laws of the government, or
to resist the exercise of any legitimate au-
thority of the government in sovereign ca-
pacity. Thus, if there is an assembly of per-
sons with force, with the intent to prevent
the collection of the lawful taxes or duties
levied by the government- or to destroy
all custom-houses, or to resist the adminis-
tration of justice in the Courts of the United
States, and they proceed to execute their
purpose by force, there can be no doubt
that it would be treason against the United
States.
til but even this, exot wherein they can-
What a monster ot iniquity is civil govern-
character -and whist su insurmountable
obstacles in the way of christianizing and
blessing the world ! [sall it insurmountable,
hot lacause it cannot be removed-for there
is no obstacle in the way of christianity.
But I call it in-
simountable, because it must be removed,
The actual government,
thích 1 have been speaking, deserves not
thực hànauf eivil government. It is a con
finans rat ..... The world over, a conspiracy
in human rights has usurped the name,
il installed itself in the place of civil gov-
mment -and. also, that christians, the
sorti over. should be countenancing and sus-
Any law, having for its object the recapture
of fugitives, would have the same effect. It
is a general principle that governs in this
matter, and not a particular statute. But
this feeling does not lessen the political just-
ness of the fugitive law, nor our obligations to
see it faithfully administered. Yet its exist-
ence cannot be denied.
AID TO CANADIAN REFUGEES .- There are
at present about 40,000 exiled blacks in Cana-
da, formerly residents of the United States,
and their number is faat increasing.
Of
dizement; and how few for the pretended
object of giving Liberty to the oppressed.
" You will marvel when I tell you that I
am a slaveholder.
course when they arrive in that " land of the
free," they are destitute of everything in the
way of a livelihood save sturdy hands and
willing hearts. Philanthropists in Michigan
and elsewhere are seeking to enable the refu-
gees to become lords of the soil, that they
may raise their own bread, educate their
own children, and become intelligent, pros-
perous British subjects. For this purpose
the Canadian Refugee Home Society has
been formed, and the object is to raise money
enough to purchase 50,000 acres of land in
Canada for the benefit of the colored men
who have fled from slavery. The lands are
to be divided into lots of 25 acres, and deeded
to families of actual settlers, as an inalienable
inheritance. It is proposed to purchase the
lands of the Canada Company in the most
southern and western portions of the Upper
Province, where the climate is mild and
| the soil good .- Roch. Democrat.
the crowd rushed in. The lights were im-
mediately put out, and two or three pistol-
shots fired in the dark-one from within and
one from without. It is understood that the
officers who had been so valiant while the
Military were out, now suddenly became
scarce. One jumped out the window and
broke his arm, and the rest went-as all
miserable tools and cowards go when there
is any danger-as fast as their legs could
carry them. The prisoner was then seized.
thrown into a carriage, and conveyed, it is
said, to a country town. Rely apon it, there
is dreadful treason in these parts. Unless
relief comee very soon, Silver-Grayism here
will die with the galloping consumption .-
N. Y. Tribune.
M. F.
A SLAVEHOLDER'S VIEWS .- The following
is an extract from the private letter of a
Southern friend to the Editor of the New
York Tribune.
* * * " Since you have heard from me, Lib-
erty has retrograded in Europe apparently.
The disposition in slaveholders to hold on to
slaves has increased. My eager ears have
listened to hear of political movements favor-
able to the puting down of Slavery, but from
that quarter I am almost left to despair. It
is true, there are many bold and noble spirits
that contend manfully on the side of Hu-
manity ; but the struggle is unequal.
it.
" Deeply do I deplore the favor shown to
the Fugitive Slave Law by the Ministers of
the Gospel ! Law-abiding people they ought
to and should be; but they need not justify
this law, instead of urging its repeal. If they
knew what Slavery is, in all its details, I am
sure they would not-except such as are in-
terested in owning slaves; and for them 1
must exclaim, O how difficult for them to
read their bibles aright !
" Now, here comes the Cuban agitation .-
How many are coveting Cuba for the exten-
sion of Slavery; how many for self aggran-
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW -The Femin/
Post, after showing the difficulties attending
the execution of laws which conflict with pub
lie sentiment and popular sympathies adds
The fugitive slave law is one of these of
fensive laws.
In the free States its ofaira
tion is revolting. The people feel it to be an
impeachment of their manhood, to be askel
to assist in manacling, for the purpose of re
ducing to slavery, one who has lived among
them the life of an industrious and honest eit
izen ; whom for years they have been accus
tomed to meet in their daily walks, and with
whom, perhaps, they have broken bre
Every manly instinct of our nature is arou-el
at the very proposal, and it is not until they
are advised by reflection, that it is better for
one or a dozen men to suffer, than that the
moral supremacy of the law should be shaken
that the most conservative and orderly of our
people can be induced to remain quiet spec-
tators of such barbarism.
It is the curse of this law that the people
of the free States can never get reconciled to
They will obey it after a fashion-that
is, that they will permit the officers of justice
to do their duty unmolested, but every new
warrant will open anew the fountains of bit
terness, and extend farther the dangerous
habit of questioning the wisdom and the Jus
tice of our Jawgivers.
A BLIND PRESIDENT .- The following is an
extract from Mr. Fillmore's speech at Buf-
falo :
" There is no liberty, no security, without
law. The law, whatever it is, must be eu
forced."
" And I have sworn
upon the Holy Evangelists to execute the
laws, of all kinds. I have endeavored, to
the best of my ability, to execute them.
intend to execute them, and, God helping
me, I will execute them."
We can tell the President it depends upon
what the laws are. Law to make slaves don't
The above passage oceurs in a paragraph
in which the .Advertiser attempts to make
amends for uttering a sentiment a little more
liberal than its wont. We cannot admit that
it states the point fairly.
The law for the
" My platform is : Education for . Slaves,
Gradual 'Emancipation by Colonization and
other means.
R.
make liberty or secure late, Such laws men
settle not in the Courts. Our fathers settled
such laws on the battle-field. and we
will do so if there is occasion. Weare a na-
tion of rebels against such laws. -- Exchange
paper.
Such, as we have now described them, are
the great mass of christians and reformers in
their attitude toward civil government-in
We will glance at a few of the wrongs and
mutrages practiced by this lying counterfeit
their views of civil government. And even
Several hundred horses and mules were
captured, but the Mexicans claimed the lion's
share of the spoil, and this so enraged the
Kickapoos that they stole all the captured
those of us, who desire to see civil govern-
ment righteous and to see the success of
Ist It divides the people into classes-ex-
alting summe, and depressing others. In our
own country. it goes to tar in oppression and
property and went back to Red River. It
is thought that Wild Cat advised his Indian
devilishim, as to hold millions in slavery.
every just reform-how prone are we to an
undus reliance on numbers, and how slow
are we to identify ourselves with a party,
2. It parutoets the few in plundering the
many of the soil-and. this too, notwith-
standing the right to the soil is as natural,
which is weak in numbers, and strong only in
the truth ! We long for success ; and, like
most men, we are, more or less, under the
Several, and equal, as the right to the light delusion, that success is to be found in num-
dian warriors from Arkansas at his new set-
eur the air. In some countries, as, for in- | bers, But our success consists in doing our | tlement.
TREASON-ARREST, &C .- The employers
of government have been very busy trying to
catch as many poor blacks as they can near
Christiana, and some fifty are now in custody.
They are charged with treason, and being
dark-skinned, it will go hard with them, if
they do not suffer as traitors.
recapture of fugitives in existence previous to
the passage of the Compromise measures gave
no such offense, created no such disturbances
of the peace, as does the present infamous
act, whereby treason is committed against the
Constitution by the abrogation of the jury
trial. It is the summary process and the
insufficient testimony that are objected to, and
AUTOGRAPHS .- We are anxious, (says an
exchange,) to collect and preserve the auto-
graphs of all our subscribers, and, therefore,
request all, whether in city or country, to en-
elose the amount duo in a letter, with their
several signatures. Our thanks are due to
those who have already anticipated us by ad-
allies to rob the Mexicans, and that he will
share the spoils. His forces appear to be
daily augmenting, and it is feared that he
will soon concentrate several thousand In- from which result the obstructions that annoy
the claimant and the riots that deliver the
captive .- Democrat,
The investigation goes on briskly in Phila-
delphia.
A fugitive was arrested on the 15th-a new
escape -- and of course handed over, as no
black man has a right to his freedom.
Young Gonsven will recover .- True Dem. l vance payment.
