THE NORTH STAR.
Poetry.
DEMOCRACY.
BY JOHN G. WHITTIER.
" All things whatsoever ye would that men should
do unto you, do ve even so untothem .- MATT.vii.12.
Oh! fairest born of Love and Light,
Yet bending brow and eye severe
On all which pains The holy sight,
Or wounds the perfect car!
Beautiful yet thy temples rise,
Though there profaning gifts are throwå.
And fires enkindled to the skies,
Are glaring on thy altar-stone.
Still sacred -- though thy name be breathetl
By those whose hearts thy truth deride ;
And garlands plucked from thee are wreathed
Around the haughty brow of Pride.
Oh! idol of my boyhood's time,
The faith in which my father stood,
E'en when the suns of Lust and crime
Had stained thy peaceful courts with blood.
Still to those courts my footsteps turn,
For through the mists that darken there,
I see the flames of Freedom burn,
The Kebla of the patriot's prayer.
The generous feeling, pure and warm,
Which owns the right of all divine,
The pitying heart- the helping arm-
The prompt self-sacrifice are thine.
Beneath thy broad, impartial eye,
How fade the lines of taste and birth!
How equal in their sufferings lie
The groaning multitudes of earth!
Still to a stricken brother true,
Whatever clime hath nurtured him,
As stooped to heal the wounded Jew
The worshipper of Gerizim.
By misery unepelled, unawed
By pomp or power, thou seest a MAN
In prince or peasant-slave or lord-
Pale priest or swarthy artisan.
Through all disguise, form, place, or name,
Beneath the flaunting robes of sin,
Through poverty and squalid shame,
Thou lookest on the man within ;
. On man, as man, retaining yet,
Howe'er deb ised, and soiled, and dim,
The crown upon his forehead set-
The immortal gift of God to him.
And there is reverence in thy look ;
For that frail form which mortals wear
The spirit of the Holiest took,
And veiled his perfect brightness there.
Not from the poor and shallow fount
Of vain philosophy thou art ;
He who of old on Syria's mount
Thrilled, warmed by turns the listener's heart.
those commanding emigrant vessels, acted as examiner.
He pulled one
article after another out of the trunk,
an dat length-horror of horrors !- held
PROSPECTUS
POVERTY:
ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
CURE
Selections.
were then, as now, habitual promise-
breakers; and although each succeed-
ing sun was to light them on their way,
it was fully a fortnight before the ship
up the missing watch with a look of
triumph and scorn.
stood out to sea. By that time a second
'Who put that there?" cried Har-
and more dire reverse had occurred in vey in an agony of mind which can
be better imagined than described.
the fortunes of the luckless Harvey.
Advertisements.
American Phrenological Journal.
0. S. FOWLER, EDITOR
TO reform and pertect ourselves and our race, is
I the most exalted of all works. Yet, to do this we
must understand the Human Constitution.
This
Phrenology, Physiology and Vital Magnetism em-
brace, and eence expound all the laws of our being,
conditions of happiness, and constitute the philoso-
pher's stone of Universal Truth.
BY LYSANDER SPOONER.
The Albany Patriot calls it-" A neat pampahlet
108 pages-a very remarkable production." ...
From Chambers's Edinburgh Journal.
EXPERIENCES OF A BAR-
RISTER
Important to Farmers.
JDE'S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Grass
1 Plow. The Farming Public are hereby informed
that Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub-
scriber for his recent great improvements in the con-
struction and manufacture of FIELD CULTIVATORS;
an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
the whole system of farming, by reducing the expense
one-half or more. Wherever they have been intro-
duced, they have met the decided approbation of
armers, as the following certificates from the intel-
igent and practical farmers whose names are
ttached, abundantly show :
" Whether all the anticipations of Mr. Spooner
would be realized by the full adoption of his theory,
we do not here stop to enquire ; but we heartily com-
mend his endeavor to the notice of all who love a
transparent forcible diction-intrepid indepen 'ence-
original thought-and entire freedom from the cant
of sect or party. Asa judicial writer, he has a depth
a compass, far beyond any one whose productions
have met our eye in a long time."
Hunt's Merchant's Magazine says-" It abounds
A TALE OF CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE.
PHRENOLOGY
Each number will contain either the analysis and
location of some phrenological faculty, illustrated by
an Engraving, or an artical ou their combinatiods:
and also the organization and character of some dis-
tinguished personage, accompanied by a likeness.
Something more than half a century
ago, a person, in going along Holborn,
might have seen, near the corner of one
of the thoroughfares which diverge to-
wards Russel Square, the respectable-
looking shop of a guver and harber-
dasher named James Harvey, a man
generally esteemed by his neighbors,
and who was usually considered well
to do in the world. Like many Lond-
on tradesmen, Harvey was originally
from the country. He had come up to
town when a poor lad to push his for-
tune, and by dint of steadiness and civ-
tlity, and a small property left him by a
distant relation, he had been able to
get into business on his own account,
and to attain that most important ele-
ment of success in London-'a connec-
tion.' Shortly after setting up in the
Cartwright, whose appetite for ven-
"Who has done me this grievous
geance was but whetted by his first
wrong? I know nothing as to how the
success, had never lost sight of the watch came into my trunk."
movements of his victim and now he
No one answered this appeal. All
had followed him to the place of his present stood for a moment in gloomy
silence.
in bold and original thoughts.
The illegal causes of
poverty are stated, and a number of important propo-
sitions bearing on the subject laid down; and on the
whole, we consider it a work well worth studying-
affording as it does many valuable hints to the states.
man and political economist."
The Banjor Gazette says-" An able and certain
ly original work, from the pen of Lysander Spooner.
Esq .- author of that powerful book which dem
strates the unconstitutionality of American Slavery
There is no writer of the age, of logical acmnen more
searching than Spooner.,' This new work is de-
tined to lead to a re-examination of all former
tems of political economy." At first blush his een
momical propositions strike us as sustainable-an' it
they are so, his work will prevail, and produce an
important revolution in the present prevailing .v.
tem.
PHYSIOLOGY
Health 1. Life, The great instrument of talent vir-
tue and happiness, all of which it augments. To its
perservation and rastoration, special attention will be
given.
embarkation, with an eager but unde-
fined purpose of working him some fur-
"Sir," said the landlord to Harvey
on recovering from his surprise, "I am
ther and more deadly mischief. Steal-
thily he hovered about the house which sorry for you. For the sake of a mis-
sheltered the unconscious object of his
malicious hate, plotting, as he after- disgrace on yourself. This is a matter
CERTIFICATES.
This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
erable trifle, you have brought ruin and by NATHAN IDE, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
MAGNETISM.
With practial instruction, interesting facts, and
choice truths which it unfolds, will be presented in
this Journal.
York, and believe it to be, as a labor-saving ma-
chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acres
more of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con-
structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
only just brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
to our brother farmers.
wards confessed, the wildest schemes
for satiating his revenge. Several times
be made excuses for calling at the ho-
tel, in the hope of observing the nature
of the premises, taking care, however,
to avoid being seen by Mr. Harvey or
his family. A fortnight passed away,
and the day of departure for the emi-
grants arrived without the slightest op-
world, he married a young woman from
his native town, to whom he had been
engaged ever since his school-days;
and at the time our narrative coin-
inences he was the father of three child-
ren.
which concerns the honor of my house,
and cannot stop here. However much
it is against my feelings, you must go| team lahor; he can also sow it in much better order.
YOUNG MEN.
The blessings they enjoy, the influence they can
wield, and their preparation for conducting our insti-
totions, will form the theme of a series of articles.
SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
before a magistrate."
"By all means," added No. 17, with
the importance of an injured man. "A
pretty thing that one's watch is not safe
in a house like this!"
Who does not long oarnestly, and would not strive
assiduously, to cultivate his natural powers, and
render himself better and more happy? To such,
each number will be a prompter and text-book.
TERMS-invariably in advance-ONE DOLL-
" Every one should read it."
BELA MARSH, Publisher. Boston
Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
"John send Boots for a constable,"
portunity occurring for the gratification said the landlord.
of his purposes. The ship was leaving
her berth; most of the passengers were
of board; Mrs. Harvey and the child-
AR A YEAR.
SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
sent GRATIS, when desired.
Harvey sat with his head leaning on
his hand .- A deadly cold perspiration
trickled down his brow. His heart
swelled and beat as if it would burst .-
What should he do? His whole pros-
pects were in an instant blighted. "Oh
James H. Hedley,
James Ide
John Stevens,
Hartes Hedley
FITS! FITS !!
Hart's Vegetable Extract
Enos Newman,
John C. Wheeler,
To receive attention, letters and orders must be
POST-PAID, and directed to
FOWLER & WELLS.
No 131 Nassau St.,New York
Gardner Berry,
James P. Anderson,
Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
Is the only remedy that can be relied on for the
ren, with nearly the whole of the lug-
permanent core of Spasmodic Contractions, Irrita
tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sich Headache
Nervous Tremors, Neuralgie Affections, Genera
Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Physical Ener-
gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including the most
dreadful of all diseases that affect the beman race-
Epilepsy, or Falling Suksess .- Hysterical Fits,
Convulsions, Spasms, &e It is well known, that
gage, were already safely in the ves-
sel; Mr. Harvey only remained on
shore to purchase s me trifling articles,
God! do not desert a frail and unhappy
We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
Ide's Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
will yield 5 bush. per acre more.
James Harvey's establishment was
one of the best frequented of its class
in the street. You could never pass
without seeing customers going in or
out.
There was evidently not a little
business going forward. But although,
to all appearance, a flourishing con-
cern, the proprietor of the establish-
ment was surprised to find that he was
continually pinched in his circumstan-
ces. No matter what was the amount
of business transacted over the counter,
he never got any richer.
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
Bedford.
and to settle his bill at the hotel on re-
being: give me strength to face this
moving his last trunk. Cartwright had
new and terrible mistortune," was a
tracked him all day ; he could not at-
prayer he internally uttered. A little
W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort-
ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
Davis
from time immemorial, Physicians have pronounced
tack him in the street; and he finally
revived, he started to his feet, and ad-
followed him to the hotel, in order to
dressing himself to the landlord, he
wreak his vengeance on him in his
private appartment, of the situation of
ELI CHURCH.
Riga, June, 1848.
DENNIS CHURCH.
After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des-
cription of the implement, with its various modes of
operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
and used. No farmer who fully understands his
interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
implement,
Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all their
skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
consequently thousands have suffered through a mix-
erable existence, and at last yielled up their lives on
the Altar of Insanity .- The proprietor of the Veget
said, "Take me to a magistrate instant-
ly, and let us have this diabolical plot
which he had informed himself.
unravelled. I court inquiry into my
Harvey entered the hotel first, and character and conduct."
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saving
that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respect-
fully invite physicians, and all others who are inter-
ested, to examine the testimony which is here offered.
Electricity and Hydropathy.
THE public are respectfully informed, that since
I the philosophical deductions of the karned Dr.
If it is deception, let i be exposed ; but if it is
Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the' scientific
experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England, * have
true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
recently and indubitably established the fact, that
the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
Heart's Vegetable Extract .- For sixteen years,
the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with has been tested by many persons who have suffered
natural and physiological laws-to wit, that the
human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
electrical state, and that the electrical , manations
from the cuticular surface, indicate heaith, or the
symptoms aad character of disease-there is some
reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
these principles or natural laws, a knowledge of
which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
of the healing art, will cease their vociterations
against the POSITIVE ELECTRICAL STATE of the
human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
before Cartwright came up, he had gone
down a passage into the bar to settle
the bill he had incurred for the last two
days. Not aware of this circumstance,
Cartwright in the bustle which prevail-
ed, went up stairs to Mr. Harvey's bed-
room and parlor, in neither of which,
"It is no use saying any more about
it," answered the landlord; "here is
Boots with a constable, and let us all
go away together to the nearest magis-
trate. Boots, carry that trunk. John
and Sally you can follow us."
And so the party, trunk and all, un-
to his surprise, did he he find the occu- der the constable as conducter, ad-
pant, and he turned away discomfited. journed to the house of a magistrate in
Passing along towards the chief stair-
a adjacent street. There the matter
NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
IDE'S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull's
Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
come and examine for themselves.
At the period referred to, shopkeep-
ing had not attained that degree of or-
ganization, with respect to counter-
men and cashiers, which now distin-
guishes the great houses of trade. The
primitive till was not yet superseded.
This was the weak point in Harvey's
arrangements; and not to make a need-
less number of words about it, the poor
man was regularly robbed by a shop-
man, whose dexterity in pitching a
guinea into the drawer, so as to make
it jump, unseen, with a jerk into his
hand, was worthy of Herr Dobler, or
any other master of the sublime art of
jugglery.
with this dreadful dissase, and in every case where
it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
cure
Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
his daughter has been afflicted with Fits for more
than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
the Vegetable Extract. ..
Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
states that she has been subject to Fits for many
years, and has been restored to perfect health (after
every other means had failed) by the use of the
Vegetable Extract.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
JOBBING HOUSE.
THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea-
I sure in announcing to the public that they have
completed arrangements by which they are enabled
to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en-
gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
to come to this market for a supply.
from seeking nature's remedy at the NORTHAMP-
case, he perceived a room of which the
seemed so clear a case of felony -- rob-
door was open, and that on the table
bery in a dwelling-house-that Harvey,
there lay a gold watch and appendages.
all protestations to the contrary, was
Nobody was in the apartment; the
gentleman who occupied it had only a
fully committed for trial at the ensuing
March assizes, then but a few days dis-
| tant.
Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
Alabama, who is one of the best Physicians in the
State, says that he has been much benefitted by the
use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unbesitat-
ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
comes under his knowledge.
Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
Erie Co., Pa., states that for many years past he
has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he is now
happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart's
Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases
Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York.
having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
his family, highly recommends it to all persons wist
are afflicted with Fitt
They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
TON WATER CURE. Thus sustained i y the light
and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find- | to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where the
of science, the undersigned may be pern itted here
wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
of the body alluded to, are in the elect. o-positive
state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
for a cure.
few moments before gone to his bed-
chamber for a brief space. Quick as
At the period at which these inci-
lightning a diabolical thought flashed dents occurred, I was a young man go-
through the. brain of the villam, who
ing on my first circuits. I had not as
had been baffled in his original inten-yet been honored with perhaps more
tions. He recollected that he had seen
a trunk in Harvey's room, and that
than three or four briefs, and these on-
ly in cases so slightly productive of fees,
the keys hung in the lock. An incon-
ceivably short space of time served for
that I was compelled to study economy
in my excursions. Instead of taking
ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &c. Dealers will find it
greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
purchasing elsewhere.
jy19
SAGE & PANCOST.
In holy words which cannot die,
In thoughts which angels yearned to know,
Proclaimed thy message from on high,
Thy mission to a world of woe.
That voice's echo hath not died!
From the blue sua of Galilee,
And Tabor's lonely mountain side,
It calls a struggling world to thee.
Thy name and watchwerd o'er this land
I hear in every breeze that stirs ;
And round a thousand altars stand
Thy banded party worshippers.
Not to these altars of a day,
At party's call my gift I bring ;
Good natured and unsuspicious, per-
haps also not sufficiently vigilant, Har-
vey was long in discovering how he was
pillaged. Cartwright, the name of the
person who was preying on his employ-
er, was not a young man. He was be-
tween forty and fifty years of age, and
had been in various situations, where
he had always given satisfaction, ex-
cept on the score of being somewhat
gay and somewhat irritable. Private-
ly, he was a man of loose habits, and
him to seize the watch, to deposit it at | up my residence at the inn when visit-
the bottom of Harvey's trunk, and to ing ---- , a considerable seaport where
the court held its sittings, I dwelt in
quit the hotel by a back stair, which led
by a short cut to the harbour .-- The || dging - kept by a widow lady, where,
whole transaction was done unperceiv-
at a small expense, I could enjoy per-
feet quietness, free from interruption.
ed, and the wretch at last departed un-
noticed.
On the evening after my arrival on
the March circuit of the year 17-, I
for years his extravagances had been
paid for by property clandestinely ab-
stracted from his too confiding master.
Slow to believe in the reality of such
Having finished his business at the
bar, Mr. Harvey repaired to his room,
locked his trunk, which being of a
new work on criminal jurisprudence,
when the landlady, after tapping at the
wickedness, Mr Harvey could with dif- handy size, he mounted on his should-
door, entered my room.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
where Paper of the best quality is made from
pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup-
ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur-
nished at short notice.
Printers and others will do well to call and exam-
ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
Had not the results of past years' practice
already convinced the public of the safety or truth-
fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien-
tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
the most incredulous.
Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi-
FISHER & Co.
jy21
Booksellers and Publishers.
tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
Mr. Chas, H. Boughton, a member of his family has
been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
many years, that he was, obliged to relinquish his
relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will business. Having used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Ex-
assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit | tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
was sitting in my lodging perusing a
TRUNKS ! TRUNKS!
THE first quality of article is to be had at LAING
L & BONNELL'S new Establishment, No 59,
State Street, Rochester Also a general assort-
ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &c, which are
offered at the very lowest price
for Cash
afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
original and philosophical method of practice.
perfect health, and left this city for the State of
Ohio to resume his business.
Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churea,
The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ-
ated near Bensouville, on the west bank of Licking
Spotswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles that he has used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Extract, and
ficulty entertain the suspicions which
A freeman's dearest offering!
er, and protected to save the House ?
from the celtic of the town. It is conveniently
arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress-
ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil-
the back stairs, in order to get as
"I am sorry to trouble you, sir,"
said she; but a lady has called to see
you about a very distressing law case-
very distressing indeed, and a very
strange case it is too. Only, if you
could be so good as to see her?"
"Who is she?"
Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
I T L having had extensive experience in the
Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
generous public who shall favor him with their pa
tronage
Rochester, July 14, 1848
3m
began to draw on his mind. At length
quickly as possible to the vessel. Lit-
all doubt was at an end. He detected
tle recked he of the interruption which
Cartwright in the very act of carrying
off goods to a considerable amount.
The man was tried at the Old Bailey
for the offence; b
7 technical
was to be presented to his departure.
He had got as far as the foot of the
stair with his burden, when he was
overtaken by a waiter, who declared
The voiceless utterance of his will-
His pledge to Freedom and to Truth,
That manhood's heart remembers still
The homage of its generous youth.
ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta-
blishment in this country. The scenery in this
vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
being exposed to public gaze or observation
medicine.
Read the following remarkable case of the son of
Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger-
many and France, consulting the most eminent
physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
with his son to this country in November last., with-
out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
Among the complaints which are here successfully
treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron-
chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun-
by using Hart's "Vegetable Extract .- I have spent
over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
attendance.
I was advised to take a tour to Eu-
dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
respect to his case ; they examined him and prese, i-
bed accordingly. I remained there three months
without perceiving any change for the better, which
All patients who visit this establishment for a
course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um-
brella, and a pair of slippers.
cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
was their opinion that my son's case was hopeless,
and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingh
left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
and France, and returned home in the month of
November last, with my son as far from being cured
Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 to
$8 50 per week, payable weekly-washing extra.
A patient who from choice or the character of his
complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
will pay #8 00 per week-on the first and second
floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath-
ing purposes, ) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
or pay an extra price.
as when I left, I saw your advertisement in one of
the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart's
Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
sorry I did so, as by the use of Hart's Vegetable
Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
unfit him for business is entirely restered, with the
prospect now before him of life, health and asetal.
Northampton, March 1848.
D. RUGĞLES.
ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 years 6
months of this time has been afflicted with this
most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
enjoying good health.
his health has been so much haproved that he Hopes
by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
Epileptic Fits .- For twenty-seven years and six
CONSTANCY.
informality in the .
.st. was ac-
quitted.
Unable to find employment, and with
a character gone, the liberated thief be-
came savage, revengeful, and desper-
ate. Instead of imputing his fall to his
own irregularities, he considered his
late unfortunate employer as the cause
of his ruin; and now he bent all the
energies of his dark nature to destroy
the reputation of the man whom he had
betrayed and plundered. Of all the
beings self-delivered to the rule of un-
scrupulous malignity, with whom it has
been my fate to come professionally in
contact, I never knew one so utterly
fiendish as this discomfitted pillerer.
Frenzied with his imaginary wrongs, he
formed the determination to labor, even
if it were for years, to ruin his victim.
Nothing short of death should divert
him from this the darling object of his
existence.
that he was going to leave the house
elandestinely without settling accounts.
"All I know about it is this : she is
a Mrs. Harvey. She and her husband;
It is proper to mention that Mr. Har- and children were to sail yesterday for
British Periodical Literature.
The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review,
The North British Review, the Westminster Review,
and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
BY GEORGE HERBERT.
Who is the honest man?
He that doth still and strongly good pursue-
To God, his neighbor, and himself most true ;
Wnom neither force nor fawning can
Unpin, or wrench from giving all their due
vey had incurred the enmity of this
Boston. All were aboard except the hus-
particular waiter in consequence of band; and he, on leaving the large ho-
tel over the way was taken up for a rob-
having, out of his slender resources,
given him too small a gratuity on the ber. Word was in the evening sent by
occasian of paying a former bill, and
not aware of the second bill being set-
tled, the waiter was rather glad to have
an opportunity of charging him with a
fraudulent design. In vain Mr. Har-
vey remonstrated, saying he had paid
THE wide -- pread fame of these splendid periodi-
I cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
anyt .ing of the sort now published, while the polit-
ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
c.undor, and forbearance, not often found in works
of a party character.
Whose honesty is not
So loose or easy that a ruffing wind
Can blow away, or glittering look it blind ;
Who rides his sure and eveu trot,
While the world now rides by, now lags behind ;
the prisoner to his wife to come on
shore with all her children and the lug-
gage; and so she came back in the pi-
lot boat, and was in such a state of
distress, that my brother who is on the
preventive, and saw her land, took pity
for everything. The waiter would not on her, and had her and her children
believe his statement, and detained him
and things taken to a lodging on the
quay.
As my brother knows we have
"'till he should hear better about it."
a London lawyer staying here, he has
advised the poor woman to come and
consult you about the case."
They embrace the views of the three great parties
in England-Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black-
wood and. the London Quarterly are Tory; the
Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin-
ster Review Radical. The North British Re-
view is more of a religious character, having been
originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
literary character is of the very highest order.
Westminster, though reprinted un .er that title only,
The
is publiseed in England under the title of The For-
eign Quarterly and Westminster-it being in fact a
"Well, I'll see what can be done,
union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
Please desire the lady to step in."
A lady was shortly shown in. She
had been pretty, and was so still, but
anxiety was pictured in her pale
countenance.
Her dress was plain,
but not inelegant; and altogether she
had a neat and engaging appear-
ance.
Who, when great trials come,
Nor seeks, nor shuns them, but doth calmly stay
Till he the thing and the example weigh ;
All being brought into a sum,
What place or person calls for he doth pay:
Whom none can work or woo
To use in anything a trick or sleight,
For, above all things, he abhors deceit,
His words, and works, and fashion too,
All of a piece, and all are clear and straight :
Who never melts or thaws
At close temptations ; when the day is done,
His goodness sets not, but in dark can run ;
l'he sun to others writeth laws,
And is their virtue; virtue is his sun:
Who, when he is to treat
With sick folks, fickle, those whom passions sway,
Allows f r that, and keeps his constaut way ;
Whom others' faults do not defeat,
But though men fail him, yet his part doth play
Whom nothing can procure,
When the wide world runs bias, from his will
To writhe his limbs, and share, not mend the ill.
This is the marksman firm aud sure,
Who still is right, and prays to be so still.
"Let me go fellow; I insist upon it,"
said Mr Harvey, burning with indigna-
tion, "I am already to late."
"Not a step, till I ask master if ac-
counts are squared."
At this moment, while the altercation
was at the hottest, a terrible ringing of
bells was heard, and above stairs was a
loud noise of voices, and of feet running
to and fro. A chambermaid came hur-
Animated by these diabolical pas-
sions, Cartwright proceeded to his
work. Harvey, he had too good rea-
sons to know, was in debt to persons
who had made him advances; and by
riedly down the stair, exclaiming that
means of artfully-concocted anonymous
some one had stolen a gold watch from
letters,-evidently written by some one
No. 17, and that nobody ought to leave
conversant with the matters on which
the house till it was found. The land-
he wrote, he succeeded in alarming the
haberdasher's creditors. The conse-
quences were-demands of immediate
"Be so good as to sit down," said I
bowing; "and tell me all you would like
to stay."
The poor woman burst into tears;
but afterwards recovering herself, she
told me pretty nearly the whole of her
history and that of her husband.
lord also, moved by the hurricane
which had been raised, made his appear-
ance at the spot where Harvey was in-
terrupted in his exit.
payment, and in spite of the dentor's
explanations and promises, writs,
"What on earth is all this noise a-
bout, John?" inquired the landlord of
heavy law expenses, ruinous sacrifices,
and ultimate bankruptcy It may seem the waiter.
"Why, sir, I thought it rather
strange for any gentleman to leave the
almost too marvellous for belief, but
the story of this terrible revenge and
its consequences is no fiction. Fvery
house by the back way, carrying his
"There is something perfectly inex-
plicable in the case," I observed, "and
own portmanteau, and so I was making
a little breeze about it, fearing he had it would require sifting -Your husband
line in the records of the courts with
which a few years ago I was famil-
Lawyers have occasion to see so
much duplicity, that I did not all ar
once give my assent to the idea of Har-
vey being innocent of the crime of which
he stood charged.
reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
Magazine, being an exact fac-simile of the Edinburgh
edition.
RICES FOR 1849, (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
For any two
do
5 00
For any three
do
7 00
For all four of the Reviews,
8 00
For Black wood's Magazine,
3 00
For Black wood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
For Black wood & the 4 Reviews, 10 00
Payments to be made in all cases in advance
CLUBBING.
Four copies of any or all the above works will b
sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
scription for three-the fourth copy being gratis.
EARLY COPIES.
A late arrangement with the British publishers of
Black wood's Magazine secures to us early sheets of
that work, by which we shall be able to place the
entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga-
zine. Therefore we repeat " subscribe early while
the price is low.
N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
convey them hither.
* The human blood, in a normal and healthy con-
dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
generating sources within-an excess generally pass
ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
England, upon the " uncovered skin," 322 indicated
the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues."
Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
CAST IN THY MITE
He who gives little from his store.
If little be his means,
incident in my narrative is true, and
the whole may be found in hard out-
not paid his bill, when all of a sudden
Sally rushes down the stairs and says
acter?"
as how No. 17 has missed his gold
I hope has always borne a good char-
iar.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
of Invalida, especially those suffering from
chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
Athol, Mass.
Treads on as far the heavenward shores,
As he who gives ten times the more,
If ten times more his gains.
He may be useful here who would,
And walk within a zone of light ;
There is a treasury of go d-
Cast in thy might!
"Perfectly so. He was no doubt un-
fortunate in business; but he got his
certificate on the first examination ; and
there are many who would testify to his
uprightness." And here again my
client broke into tears, as if over-
Thou may'st not have one piece of gold
To bless the poor man's palm ;
Bat angels will with jay behold,
If thou hast word- which can be told,
His troubled heart to calm
For kind words are as honied streams,
And he the walker of the sod,
Who gives them to his brother, seems
A messenger from God!
The humiliated and distressed feel-
ings of Harvey and his family may be |hotel."
left to the imagination. When he
found himself a ruined man, I dare say
his mental sufferings were sufficiently
acute. Yet he did not sit down in des-
pair. To re-establish himself in busi-
ness in England appeared hopeless;
but America presented itself as a scene
where industry might find a reward;
and by the kindness of some friends, he
watch, add that no one should' quit the
No. 17, an old, dry-looking military
gentleman in a particularly high passion
now showed himself on the scene, utter-
ing terrible threats of legal proceedings
whelmed with her recollections and
against the house for the loss he had
prospects.
sustained.
Harvey was stupified and indignant,
yet he could hardly help smiling at the
bother. "What," said he, "have I to
do with all this? I have paid for every-
thing; I am surely entitled to go away
"I think 1 recollect Mr. Harvey's
shop," said I, soothingly. "It seemed
a very respectable concern; and we
must see what can be done. Keep up
your spirits; the only fear I have arises
from the fact of Judge A - being on
passage to Boston, you shall answer for
it.'
the bench. He is usually considered
severe, and if exculpatory evidence
fail, your husband will run the risk of
"I very much regret detaining you, being transported." A word of more
terrific import, with which I was about
"but you hear there has been a rob- to conclude, stuck unuttered in my
throat.
"Have you employed an at-
Remittances and communications should be always
addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
LEONARD SCOTT & CO.
70 Fulton street, New York.
W.M. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad-
way.
Also an extensive assortment of Cravats,
Stocks, Hosiery, Gloves, &c
Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
His house was opened for the reception of patient.
last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili-
ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
purity has been pronounced " equal to water on a
distilled." The location is quite eligible, being but
a short distance from the V. & M. railroad. The
vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
healthful results for which they labor.
Now, sir, faith without works I don't believe
in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
thing, and as I here enclose you one hundred dollars,
I have no doubt but you will think this another ard
quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
on the debt in advance.
Yours, very respectfully,
(signed)
WILLIAM SECORE
TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY
In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy ( 1
this truly wonderful medicine, read the following
letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guiltore, Omo,
one of the most eminent physicians in that place :
Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1846.
Brother laborer in the cause of humanity-lea
sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure that I
am enabled to announce to vou the complete triun h
of your invaluable medicine in cases of Epilepsy. 1
have prescribed it in four instances in this vicinity,
and it has been highly successful in all. Three o
the patients, I trust, have been radically cured.
The fourth one is rapidly improving, and will, 1
think without doubt recover. I am not in the habit
of prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
but when I see an article which promises so much
for the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
to recommend it, and I have no hesitation in say
ing that as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
with the real merit of your medicine, they will
close their eyes against prejudice and lend you a
belping hand.
I subscribe myself yours, sincerely,
[Signed ]
W. L. MONROE, M. D
To Dr. S. Hart, New York.
THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
When thousands who are now trembling under
the hand of this dreadful disease, and fearing that
every attack may prove fatal, will find permanent
relief and be restored to new life, by using this
celebrated medicine.
OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
Have been received in testimony of the Beneficial
result produced by the use of Dr. Hart's Vegeta-
ble Extract
was enabled to make preparatinos to
emigrate with his wife and children .-
Towards the end of February he quitted if I like. Remember, that if I lose my
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
fort and Gold Street.
Free Labor Goods.
MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro-
duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
Fifth-street, Philadelphia :
Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur-
niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslia,
bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored ;
Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding ;
Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
&c. &c.
Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
may be addressed to J. Miller MeKim, 31, North
Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
James Mou, No. 35, Church Alley.
on hand.
A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
jul-
London for one of the great seaports,
where he was to embark for Boston.
On arriving there with his family, Mr.
Harvey took up his abode at a princi- sir," replied the keeper of the hotel;
There are abuses deep and loud,
Hoarse voices shrieking " Bread"
And there are noble spirits bowed,
And forms that flit among the crowd,
Like phantoms from the dead.
Crush but one atom of abuse,
Stay bat « particle of sın,
And God will sanctify the use
Of all thy powers therein.
pal hotel. This, in a man of straight-
ened means, was doubtless imprudent ;
but he afterwards attempted to explain
the circumstances by saying, that as
the ship in which he had engaged his
passage was to sail on the day after his
arrival he had preferred incurring a
slight additional expense rather than
that his wife-who was now, with fail-
ing spirits, nursing an infant-should
bery committed within the last few
minutes, and as it will be proper to torney?" I added.
search every one in the house, surely
"No; I have done nothing as yet,
you, who are on the point of departure, but apply to you, to beg of you to be
The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
B., wife of Dea. B., of Warwick, Mass., aged
about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
August. Her case presented the following pheno-
mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un-
supporteil, she forthwith fell backward to the
ground. If being well supported, she made an
effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
despite ber efforts to the contrary, would cross the
other. She had been in this condition nearly a
year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
has continued her baths, with corresponding im-
0G- Prepared by S. HART, M. D., New York
Price, one package
$3 00
Do four packages
10 00
Do eight packages
20 00
03- It is carefully packed up in boxes for trana
portation, and send to any part of the United
States, Texas, Mexico, and West Indies.
THOMAS & MILS, 169 Main street, Cin
cinnati, Ohio, General Agents for the United
provement to her health. She now attends to ber | States, to whom all communications must be ad-
domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
girl, does the work of her family.
will have no objections to be searched
my husband's counsel."
first, and then be at liberty to go?
"Well, that must be looked to. I
Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
half a dozen towels marked, with old linen los
bandages.
dressed Post Paid.
A. B & D. Sands Corner of Fulton and WilliamSt.
New York.
H. D. Wade, Main & St. Pauls Rochester,
E. Hollidge, 217 Main street Buffalo,
H. & E. Gaylord, Agents for Cleveland Oluo,
Fay & Killbourne, Columbus,
J. G & G. H Hill, Detroit, Michigan.
Wm. Cunninghama, Millwaukie Wiv.
J. R Reed, and Co., Chicago III.
Doct. T. Mason, Dulinque lowa.
H. Blackaley, and Co., St. Louis Mo.
And for Sale by most of the principal Druggints,
There was something so perfectly
shall speak to a local agent, to pre-
reasonable in all this, that Harvey step- pare and work out the case; and we
ped into an adjoining parlour, and
shall all do our utmost to get an ac-
And if thy brother weaker be,
If folly mark his path ;
,And if that thou be folly free-
If Knowledge clingetla unto thee,
Give bot contempt nor wrath.
be exposed to coarse associations and
personal discomfort. In the expecta-
tion, however, of being only one night
in the hotel, Harvey was unfortunately
The waiter, whose mean rapacity
fortunate lady and she withdrew.
But from the garner of thy worth,
And from thy store of truth and light,
To serve thy brother's wants on earth,
Cast un thy mite.
Anti-Slavery Office,
Termos, from five to ten dollars per week, accord-
ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
Those who are less particular in the selection of
rooms, or are willing to oegapy them in common
with others, will be charged leas.
Athol, March, 1848.
GEORGE HOYT.
threw open his trunk for inspection.
quittal. To morrow I will call on your
never doubting that his innocence husband in prison."
No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
A is kept constantly on band. Also a bandsom
variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
and Fancy Stationery.
All letters relating to the business of the office
to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
Fifth-street, Philadelphia.
would be immediately manifest.
Many thanks were offered by the un-
WASHINGTON'S Daguerrian Gallery, 136,
Main Street, Kellogg's Buildings, Hartford
disappointed .- Shipmasters, especially had been the cause of the detention,
(To be continued.)
Connecticut.
throughout the United States.
THOMAS & MILLS, 169 Main street,
Sep. 22 .- ly
Cincinonti Ohig
