THE NORTH STAR.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
M. R. DER.ANY.
EDITOR
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
JOHN DICK. PORLinea
VOL. !!. NO. 27.
ROCHESTER, N. Y; FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1849.
WHOLE NO 79.
The NORTH STAR is published every
Friday, at No. 25, Budalo Street.
(Opposite the Arcade.)
TERMS.
without right, and in defiance of com-
igated curse to it and its inhabitants,
mon law, so that the masters feel sure
ous passions, the most unremitting des-
whether the Anti-Slavery Movement | eleminated to the surface. The agita- his power in accomplishing our object.
and authorized us to inform our friends
has still an existence, and what are the
tion is the main thing. If it be main-
proofs of vitality that it ts affording.| tained the purification will follow hy in England and America that he was
see this, and learn to imitate it; for The flag at the mast head of a man-of- the inevitable operation of physical prepared to co-operate with other gen-
man is an imitative acimal.
..
war may be but an inconsiderable piece
may be dragged to that distant region The parent storms, the child looks on, of bunting; "but it is the emblem of na-
and moral law.
tlemen in Paris in making suitable pre-
These effects have been the result parations for the Congress, and in giv-
Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted that the Californians will prohibit sla- shall be compelled to wear away their catches the lineaments of wrath, puts tionality, and gives friends and foes to
of means. Means, to be sure, strange- ing a warm welcome to those delegates
very. We doubt it. There are many
lives in bondage, the consequences to on the same airs in the circle of smal- know whether it holds its own or wheth- ly inadequate, to all human seeming,
southern men there, and more will be the dawning civilization and promise of ler slaves, gives a loose to the worst er it has yielded to the enemy.
to the effect produced. The means
and a strife between the slave proprie- potism on the one part, and degrading
enough against that. It is only a pos- tors and the free laborers will grow up, | submission on the other. Our children
itive statute which they fear, and that fruitful of discord and crime.
If, on the other hand, the slaves who
we ought to have, but shall not we fear.
Great confidence has been expressed
Two dollars per annum, always in advance. No
subscription will be received for a leas term than
six months. -
Three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser-
ron, twenty-five cents
from various countries who would visit
France on that occasion; adding that
if it were deemed desirable, he would
go in person to Havre, to receive the
American deputation on their arrival,
and to conduct them to Paris.
THE object of the NORTH STAR will be to attack
SLAVERY in all its forms and aspects; advocate
UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATION; exalt the standard
of PUBLIC MORALITY; promote the moral and in-
ellectual improve ment of the COLORED PEOPLE;
wad hasten the day of FREEDOM to the THREE
MILLIONS Of IT ENSLAVED FELLOW COUN-
IKYMEN.
- PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
03- All communications relating to the business
medios of the paper, or es of subscribers, remit-
there with slaves, before the people can
our Pacific possessions, will be yet of passions, and thus nursed, educat-
adopt any provisionai government .-
more disastrous.
ed, and duly exercised in tyranny, can-
not but be stamped by it with odious
peculiarities. " The man must be a
prodigy who can retain his manners
eign Anti-Slavery Society during its| the fire-side, by the way-side, in the
days of life, previous to the Abolition town hall, in the District School house.
The soundnes of this philosaphy has
have been unceasing and untiring
been proved by the history of all as-
agitation. Agitation in State Legisla-
saults upon the strongholds of national tures, in Ecclesiastical .Assemblies, in
and social crime. The British and For-
Congress, produced by Agitation by
They may be at first only body
servants, and there is a strong odium
attached to an interference with a gen-
These and the thousand other evils
which may be easily imagined, might
all have been prevented but for the in-
tleman's personal comforts, which will fatuated resistance of the southern and morals undepraved by such cir-
statesmen, to a distinct expression of cumstances. . And with what 'execra-
unite with the strong temptation of the
gold seekers to get the gold without the opinion by Congress upon the subject, tion should the coreman be loaded,
labor, to wink at the employment of and the weak admission of northern | who, permitting one-half the citizens
worse than dead, ) dependent on the con-
Having thus succeeded in securing
the sympathy and sanction of this
of British Slavery, (since which time it Agitation by the voice of the living great man to our enterprize, we then
has had a name to live, but has been speaker and by the mute eloquence of sought access to many celebrated men,
the press. These instrumentalties members of the National Assembly,
slaves. It should be remembered too,
that the Gover doc the the Territory,
x, Ged. Smith, is a slaveholder, (as might
be expected, ) and has slaves with him;
trimmers that slavery could not exist in thus to trample on the rights of the tributions of Abolitionists for the sup- have lost none of their efficiency. The eminent writers and philanthropists,
those regions.
known to be favorable to our principles,
other, transtorms those into despots,
and these into enemies, destroys the
port of its Organ and Publications. So field of their operations is widened by
with the efforts for the suppression of the partial removing of landmarks and by all of whom the proposal was re-
GC- Agents, and all others sending names, are
quested to be accurate, and give the Post Ofice,
he County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im-
m.diately credited for moucy received.
0 Any person sending in the payment for four
subscribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
have a fifth copy for one year.
33- All letters and communications must be post
LIST OF AGENTS.
MASSACHUSETTS .- R. F. Walcutt, 21, Coruhill,
Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford ; Horatio W.
Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
Evans, Worcester ; Bourne Spooner, Plymouth ;
Charles H. Seth. Spring
David
Ruggles
Multitudes were led to put faith in
the reiterated assertions of the north-
so that slavery actually now exists in ern journals and politicians, and to re-
California. Considering these things,
and the probability, in the present state
and temper of the two most numerous
parties in the Union, and the pro-sla-
very character of the administration,
we have strong fears, we confess, that purpose.
slavery will prevail there in spite of the
efforts to resist it. We know it is more
opened to their error and to the fraud
which has been practised upon them,
common to assert that slavery can never
get another inch of territory-the last
morals of the one part, and the amor Intemperance, War, Capital Punish- throwing down of partitions. Ears
patrice of the other. For if a slave
ment, and other public evils, on both that were formerly sealed are now wil-
ling to hear. Eyes that once refused faction to announce that the following
ceived with great interest and" encour-
agement. And we have now the satis-
lax their effort to effect the passage of can have a country in this world, it
sides of the water. Probably in no in-
a territorial bill last winter, with a must be any other in preference to stance has the organ of any Society to see will now look and read. It is gentlemen have distinctly given their
proviso against slavery, under the im- that in which he is born to live and
gathered for the removal of these or the business of the Abolitionists to see
adhesion to the movement, and signi-
pression that such an enactment would labor for another; in which he must
analoguous evils, sustained itself by to it that judicial blindness and deafness
fied their willingness to unite in a
sales and subscriptions. And this for do not again supervene through their
Committee of organization, to prepare
the obvious reason that men will not negligence. As a most important part for the Congress, in conjunction with
contribute as far as depends on his
pay for the rebukes of their darling of this business, we commend to them
Councillor of State; F. Bastiat, M.
ment of the human race, or entail his
own miserable condition on the endless could have had any abiding effect or circulation of the STANDARD. In the
not be necessary for any practical lock up the faculties of his nature,
We hope their eyes may now be individual endeavors to the evanish-
M. de Lamartine :- M. Horace Say,
sins. But which of those Movements all, everywhere, the extension of the
Wolowski, M. F. Bouvet, members of
and that with all convenient speed they generations proceeding from him. continuing influence had it not been for remoter parts of the country the in-
the National Assembly; Emile de Gir-
ill take
lin
Prog
Wat tant propct Steps to fopais thief with the morais of the people, their; the Medium through which each spoke; terests of the paper must , be mainly
Northampton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
MAINE .- Oliver Dennett, Portland.
VERMONT. -- Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer-
and so on. We wish the indications consequences.
industry also is destroyed. For in a
to the world? We believe the Stan-
warm climate, no man will labor for dard has done as well in this respect,
himself who can make another labor taking into consideration the vastly
for him. This is so true, that of the greater obstacles it has had to encoun-
proprietors of slaves a very small pro-| ter, as any of its cotemporaries of a re-
portion indeed are ever seen to labor. | forming character. Nay, better. Fo
-And can the liberties of a nation be
the odiousness of the truths it enunci-
thought secure when we have removed ates has been, in an unusual degree,
their only firm basis, a conviction in
the minds of the people that their lib-
has marked its editorial conduct, and
the sterling excellence of the mat-
erties are the gift of God ?- that they
are not to be violated but with wrath ?
ter it has contained. Thousands and own subscriptions, collect those in their
Duveyzier, Editor of "Le Credit;"
left in the hands of its local friends.
M. Guillaumin, editor of "Le Journal
were sure, that such would be the case.
But we have never seen them to be .-
Between the lukewarmness and hesi-
tancy of the whig party, and the more
decided aversion of the democratic par-
ty to a prohibiting act, there is great
danger that slavery will clandestinely
slip in, and get quietly established be-
fore Congress will prove itself the
champion of freedom.
We hope other-
wise, and that is all. But the dangers
are very great.
The small body of agents which the
Executive Committee will be able to
des Economistes;" M. Joseph Garnier,
direct to this work must devote them-/ editor of "L'Annuaire de l'Économie
selves to the attempt to obtain a local Politique;" Marquis de la Rochefou-
support for the paper in Eastern New
cauld-Liancourt, President of "La
Societe de la Morale Chretienne;"
Viscoute de Melun, a distinguished
PEOPLE OF COLOR.
CONNECTICUT .- Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
NEW HAMPSHIRE .-- Weare Tappan, Bradford.
NEW YORK .- Sydney H. Gav, 142, Nassau;
Fireet; James McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway ;
Joseph Past, Westbury, Queen County; Mary Har-
per, Albany ; Elias Doty. Macedon ; Willetts Keese,
Pera, Clinton County ; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
J. F. Platt, Pean Van ; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
Platt, Bath.
RHODE ISLAND .- Amarancy l'aine, Providence.
PENNSYLVANIA .-- J. M. M'Kim, 31, North Fifth
Siveet, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Win. Whipper,
Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris-
town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
New Brighton.
We should have announced, last
week, the action of the Ohio Legisla-
ture, respecting the people of color in
the United States. A few days before
the adjournment of that body, the fol-
lowing preamble and resolutions were
passed by the House of Representa-
tives, without a dissenting voice:
York. Let the Abolitionists, and all
subscribers who value an exclusively
compensated for by the ability which Anti-Slavery paper, see to it that the philanthropist; M. Chevalier, and M.
Standard suffers no detriment through
Renzi.
their neglect. Let them continue their
· Such are the men, dear friends,
who are prepared to welcome us to the
neighborhood, and procure additional soil of France, and to unite in the ad-
subscribers. Much, we know from
vocacy of our great principles. The
question which now anxiously returns
this way .- Enough to keep the present
list whole, and to make the subscrip-
to us is, Will the friends of Peace on
both sides of the Atlantic worthily sus-
tain the Assembly that is to be con-
vened and constituted under such
illustrious auspices? Shall we have
delegation of earnest men, powerful in
character and numbers, such as the
greatness of the occasion will demand,
SLAVE-HOLDING CHRISTIANS.
and of which, in inviting the men we
have mentioned to associate for the
Oh, that the church would be faith-
ful to her head! that her ministers
purpose, we have inspired an expecta-
tion? For England we can answer
with confidence. Many hundreds of
her wisest and best, headed by such
men as Richard Cobden, William Ew-
art, Charles Hindley, Joseph Sturge,
are prepared to testify to their French
neighbors the depth and sincerity, of
their convictions on the · question of
"Whereas, The people of color of Indeed I tremble for my country, when tens of thousands read it who do not
I reflect that God is just: that His
pay for it and the press, far and wide,
the United States have been oppressed|
and enslaved by the several States
thereof and thereby degraded, and be-
lieving it to be the duty of the General
Government to do something for their
elevation to that position nature's
God designed for all mea; therefore be
i .-
ORIO .- Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat-
son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har-
veysburgh, Warren Co. ; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
MICHIGAN .- Robert Banks, Detroit.
[ From the New-York Evening Post.]
SOUTHERN MOVEMENTS -- SLAVE-
RY IN CALIFORNA.
justice cannot sleep forever; that con-
South as well as North, it is the chief personal experience, can be done in
sidering numbers, nature, and natural
channel through which Anti-Slavery
means only, a revolution of the wheel light and influence flows. The Aboli-
of fortune, an exchange of situation,
tionists are obliged to furnish their food tions obtained by special efforts a clear
is among possible events; that it may
gain. Let every one bring this home!
to his own business and bosom, and
give a very moderate share of time and
attention to it, and a great and bene-
ficent work will be done .- F. A.
INDIANA .- Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
The following extract from a com-
munication, dated the 20th instant, ad-
dressed to us from Virginia, corres-
ponds with our information from other
quarters, and with authentic facts which
have already been laid before the pub-
lic. We have been assured, by a
gentleman who has passed through
several of the southern states within
the last fortnight, that the determina-
ton is universal among the slave emi-
grants to the Pacific from those states,
to take the slaves with them.
to the hungry, not merely, in many
become probable by supernatural in- cases, without money and without price,
terferences! The Almighty has no at-
Sclections.
but even to send out and compel them
such a contest."-Thomas Jefferson.
Resolved, by the General Assembly
of the State of Ohio, That our Sena-
tors be instructed, and our Represen-
tatives in Congress be requested to
procure the passage of a law author-
izing the survey and apportionment of
a portion of the territory acquired
from Mexico, for the benefit of all free
persons of color who may become ac-
tual settlers of the same, and a title to
eighty acres of land delivered to each
of said persons- free of charge, and
also to establish schools, and provide
for them a government for protection.
tribute which can take sides with us in to come in on those terms
From the Hartford Republican.
SLAVERY IN CALIFORNIA.
To make an attack upon the most
cherished institution of a great nation,
on which it has encompassed in the
arms of its ecclesiastical and its secu-
lar love, can never be a popular or „a
profitable occupation. Those who are would remember that he complains es-
From the National A. S. Standard.
THE STANDARD.
[We copy the following from the
American Republic, an able Free Soil
paper published at Greenfield, Mass.
We agree with the editor that there is
great danger that Slavery will steal a
march upon us,in California, but we are
rather more hopeful of the result than
he seems to be. Too great vigilance,
however, cannot be exercised by the
Free Democracy. We have a wily foe
to contend with, and every friend of
Freedom should be on the alert to re-
sist its subtlety and power. It is vain
to hope for any aid from those wedded
to Taylorism, but we do expect that
many Whigs, when their eyes are fair-
ly opened to the pro-slavery tenden-
cies of the present Administration, will
show that their patriotism is superior to
any mere partizan feelings, and unhes-
itatingly identify themselves with the
Free Democracy, which is ultimately
destined to absorb all that is really
democratic in the other political qrgan-
izations :- Ed. Republican
With this number begins the tenth
| year of the Standard. For thrice three
years has it been the symbol to the Na- desirous of making money; or of gain-
tion of the existence of an organized ing office, or of living comfortably with
pecially of the wounds wherewith he
was wounded in the house of his friends.
and embattled opposition to Slavery. It
their neighbors and the world had bet-
Oh, that they would hear what he saith
has been literally, and not metaphori- ter direct their attention elsewhere. to the churches, who walks in the
The remarks of our correspondent,
to which we wish to invite attention, are
preceded by some complimentary com-
ments upon the course of this journal,
of more interest to its proprietors than
its readers. He then continues:
cally merely, the Standard of the cause.
It has been the sign to foes and friends,
that the Ship was not yet given up,
that the crew was resolute-desperate,
if you please, and that the battle would
be maintained as long as men and amu-
nition were left on the one side and the
enemy on the other. It was first un-
furled to the winds in a dark and evil
hour. The officers to whose charge
the direction of the attack upon Slavery
had been committed, had mutinie I and
is called upon to make in its support.
Our clients are the down trodden and midst of the seven golden candlesticks!
If I did not misread mv Bible, the
spoiled of the race, and silver and
gold have they none to reward our church is the commissi
ra-
tor of the world. If, then, the church
be corrupt, whence are to issue the
Peace, by gathering around the most
eminent of their fellow citizens on that
memorable occasion. And will Ameri-
ca prove unequal to the demand made
on her enterprize and humanity ? We
believe not. No fact in connection
with the coming Congress excited so
deep and general an interest in France,
as the assurance we ventured to give,
that many of the friends of Peace
from the United States might be ex-
pected to visit the French Capital, and
Resolved, That the Governor of this
State be requested to forward a copy of
the above preamble and resolution to
each of our Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress."
services withal. Nay, their advocate
must make up his mind before he en-
gages in their cause, to take his place healing waters? If the salt of the earth
by their side, and be little more es- have lost its savor, how is the putrid
teemed of men than they. Social world to be recovered from its taint?
"The movement making at this time
at the south is what I am most particu-
larly anxious to call your attention to.
I do not wish to excite sectional ani-
mosities and criminations, but I wish to
see a scheme, now in progress, arres-
ted. It is no other than a plan to intro-
duce slavery into California and New
Mexico. Ever since the hope of pre-
venting the passage of the Wilmot
Proviso was abandoned,
southern
ultraists have been preparing a very
successful scheme to promulgate slave-
ry into these territories. If they do
not succeed, it will not be for the want
of zeal or devotion. According to Mr.
Holmes of South Carolina, this scheme
is well laid and comprehensive enough
to ensure success.
This is what the Anti-Slavery Bugle
calls "Colorphobia wearing the garb
consideration is no part of the induce-
ment to enlist in the Anti-Slavery war-
If justice and mercy are exiled from
the Church, what can I expect but that
they are
fare; it is part of the contribution each
of Philanthropy." Whether this plan
has been recommended out of pure
" Sprung on the viewless wings to heaven again!"
love to the colored man, is a matter of
doubt. Had.the former acts of our
deserted. They had piratically run off The rewards and satisfactions which
Legislature been 'different, we would
with the good flag entrusted to them,
have less hesitancy in awarding to its
and used the influence of its name and
the stores it covered, to shelter their found in the clearness of vision which
members the purest of motives. No
doubt many members have not been
ignominious flight, and to protect the
allies whom they had in common with true nature, and in the strength which
the enemy, whose comfort and preser- enables them to cry aloud and spare
under the influence of Colorphobia,
but actuated by the best of motives;
but they have yielded to the plans of
those who will never rest satisfied un-
of the foe itself. In that evil hour, as' ledge of the true way of deliverance
a capital crime to teach this creed to a
til the poor, hated, colored man is
driven entirely from the bounds of it then seemed, in the midst of the con- for their People from the wrath which
man, woman, or child who has a dark
wait upon Anti-Slavery fidelity, are of
another nature.
These are to be
Alas! what report must he bear back
of Christianity, who has been sent to bear part in the deliberations of our
learn her genius and the influence from
Congress. Now, just in proportion to
the feelings of kindly interest and
pleasure which this announcement has
inspired in France, will be the severi-
ty of their disappointment, and our
a slave-holding church? My fancy
hears him, on his return, questioned by
discerns a great national crime in its
his brother idolaters, "What are Chris-
tians?" "Monsters! They hold that
their creed came from heaven, and is| mortification, should our promise on
SLAVERY
IN CALIFORNIA .- The
Washington correspondent of the N.
Y. Evening Post of the 29th of April
says:
vation they esteemed of more conse- not, against it. In the consciousness
quence than the discomfiture and defeat that they have attained to the know-
the word of salvation, and they hold it your behalf fail.
Have we presumed too much, dear
friends, on the energy of American
character, on the spirit and fervor of
American philanthropy, on the zeal
and devotion of American Christianity.
"I have information from gentlemen
from the South now here, that satisfies
me that a struggle is to be made in
California as well as here to introduce
slavery into that territory .- Numbers
of slaves have already gone there, and
fusion and doubt which filled men's
Ohio. Like Henry Clay, they join in
minds the new Standard was run to the day of wrath. The consciousness that
and children, and offer the profits on
it has been treasuring up against the
face. They buy and sell men, women,
"The Memphis Eagle tells us that
a large majority of the companies
formed and forming for El Dorado,
carry with them slaves. A Mr. Howard
M
the cry, "Away with them." It is
mast-head, the good Ship righted as they have not withheld this knowledge |the altar of their God! They sell their
anything but love to the colored man
soon as honest hands-were felt upon the from the ears of the people, but that
own wives, sons, and daughters, and
in giving such an assurance? We
that would colonize him in the territo-
masters are making
the
helm, her head turned instinctively in| they have been instant in season and
to those whom they know will work and
nestly hope not.
Standing for
ns. much
more effectual than those you hear in
the newspapers, to send more. The
of Columbus, Ga., proposes to form
good Buckeye State to the white, why
ought it not be to the black? especi-
dered away at open enemies and trea-
cherous friends, and she has ever since
the right direction, her batteries thun- out of season in relating it in their
ears whether they would bear or whe-
ther they would torbear. The consci-
flog them to death; and this they do
without the temptation of hunger or
as you do, among the nations of the
world, for hardy activity, for bold and
poverty. Nay, farther, their ministers
of religion do all this daily, though I
adventurous enterprize, shall it be said
one of five hundred, to carry out from
contest will arise between the slave
owners and drivers and the mass of the
one to two thousand slaves. Person-
ally I know that several of the com-
panies which have left this State
ally if it is the State of his nativity.
We know that circumstances are so|
gallantly kept on her due course, her ousness of the perception and the per-
prejudicial to the happiness of the meteor flag braving many a battle and formance of a difficult duty, and the
carried out slaves with them. A mem-
ber of Congress, from Tennessee, said
colored population in Ohio and other many a breeze.
to me that within his own knowledge
that the cause of universal peace and
heard them preaching from their creed,
'Be pitiful, be tender-hearted;' 'what-|
inhabitants upon the question, shall
these slaves be retained in bondage,
which is identical with the question,
'Shall slavery be legally establiseed in
California."
humanity is too feeble to inspire the
national genius? But we will appeal
soever ye would that men should
to higher motives than national pride.
do unto you do ye even so to them;'
We call up before your mind the image
'be merciful as your Father in heaven is
merciful.' " Can I wonder that the
yell arises, "These Christians are
monsters!" Let heathens henceforth
Inscribe in their divine book this addi-
tional cause ofthanksgiving: "Heathens
are. not monsters, like slave-holding
Christians!"-Speech of Dr. Ritchie.
sense that the portion of contemporary
"Throw sunshine on her joyously; ye brezes waft history, which they are busy in_ de-
States, that many of them would pre-
fer seeking a home in an unknown
there would be carried to California, land; but it should not be so. Let the
from ten to twelve thousand slaves this
summer. From reliable evidence, I
her wide,
veloping is the only one in this country,
of a permanent and abiding interest,
-whose issues are issues of life or
death, and which will extend to the
remotest ages of the world.
Our glorious Semper Eadem, the banner of our
pride!"
of bleeding humanity, of fettered civi-
lization, of outraged and insulted Chris-
tianity, standing on the shores of
Europe in supplicating attitude, and
with appealing voice entreating you to
come over. We beseech you, dear
friends, to hear and obey this appeal,
by sending forth a goodly company of
your most eminent citizens, who by
their wisdom and eloquence shall wor-
thily sustain the reputation of your
country in this great assembly, which
promises to be, more than any other
of modern times, a full representation
of the progressive intelligence, philan-
thropy, and moral power ofthe civilized
world.
The Daily Wisconsin, (Milwaukee)
says:
Legislature strike the axe at the root
of the evil, and we will award the no-
know that whole families are moving blest meed of praise. Let the neces-
with all their slaves, from the States of
sary steps be taken for remodeling the
Constitution of Ohio, so as to secure
While the pilfered and prostitute flag
after many a scurvy adventure, ragged
and dirty, draggles at the tail of an her-
It has been stated from time to time,
that slaves were being carried to Cali-
fornia, but generally discredited. Yet Tennessee, Arkansas and Missouri. It
the evidence is increasing to confirm
this report. The southern correspon-
dent of the New Orleans Picayune
writes from Panama;
is said that even slave drivers are
making up gangs to carry out. It is
well known, from a fair test in the
states of Virginia, North Carolina and
Georgia, that the slaves make the best
gold miners.
We see in every direction the
maphrodite political craft, ominous of nowledged indications that we Have
to the people of color a voice in the
making of those laws by which they
are governed, and in the choice of their
rulers-let all laws making distinctions
on account of color be stricken out-
let an oppressive system of land mon-
opoly be checked or destroyed-and
let legislation be for the poor and des-
pised, especially for those who are so
in conseqence of the injustice of the
disaster and defeat.
understood our business and do- it
The continual dropping :48
To drop the allegory, the establish- well.
ment and support of the Standard have made some impression even on the
been among the most pregnant proofs | stone of the American heart. The
TO THE
"'Not less than 800 to 1000 are now
on the Isthmus awaiting transportation,
two-thirds of whom are Southern and
Western men, csome of them with
slaves."
of vitality and tenacity of life that the
ears of the People have been at least
FRIENDS OF PEACE IN AMERICA.
Abolitionists have ever shown. Begun partially unstopped, that they should
"The valley of the Sacramento in the
summer is as unhealthy to the white
man as the low cotton and rice lands
of North and South Carolina and
Georgia, and the belief is that the
miners will be compelled to resort to
slave labor. Those who carry out
slaves undertake to say that the thirst
without a single subscriber, at a time
when the Movement Proper was betray-
ed and deserted by almost all who had
seemed to be its incarnate embodiments,
hear the cry of the captive, and their
eyes forced open that they should dis-
cern some portion of their own guilty
complicity with the oppressor. Eccle-
DEAR FRIENDS, -We have just re-
turned, after three weeks' sujourn in
Paris, wihther we were deputed to go
by the London Committee, in order to
make the needful preliminary inquiries
Facts like these show how absurd it
is to argue that slaves will not be car-
ried to California-even if there is no
Legislative restriction. The re-adop-
tion of the Ordinance of '87 would set-
tle this exciting question at once, and for gold will soon quiet all scruples of
forever close the strife of sectional bit- conscience about the sin of slavery.
ternes; and it is therefore that the ar-
Besides, the Governor of California is
a slaveholder, and the principal con-
dent lover of his country desires that
this question should be settled, by the ductors of the press and officers are
extension of the Ordinance of '87 over either slaveholders or from the slave
states.
the new territories,
rich and tyrannical; and the work of its property made away with, its char- siastical bodies and political parties
amelioration may be effected. What | acter maligned, its supporters slandered have been compelled to assume a virtue and preparations for the Peace Con-
We are, dear friends, yours truly,
HENRY RICHARD,
ELIHU BURRITT,
Secretaries of the London Peace
Congress Committee.
has been done is well. Whilst it should
-"their life's life lied away,"-it has
if they had it not. Slight quakings on
gress, intended to be held in that city
in the month of August. We were
gress has been converted into an arena
fellow-laborer, M. Visschers, President
of death which once. brooded over the
of the last Congress at Brussels, who
came as the representative of the Bel-
ions of Slavery are forced into the
They can no longer wrap them-
lists.
gian Committee, and who rendered us
the most valuable aid in our mission,
as did your estimable countryman Mr.
George Sumner. We were welcomed
on our arrival with the most earnest
not have been left undone, the other been maintained without interruption for the surface tell of more tumultuons
should have been done first. But the nine years, and we hope it will contin- heavings in the depths below. Con-|met there by an earnest and zealous
same body which has passed the above
resolutions, had a hard struggle to
effect even a partial repeal of the
being the antagonist entity of Aboli-
Black Laws. Some of the members
were in favor of enacting law to expel of a combination against any public in-
ue to wrestle with the storm as long as
the existence of Slavery compels into of Anti-Slavery,discussion. The silence
tionism. The importance of the Organ nation has been broken. The champ-
THE ART OF HEALTH .- Walking is
the best possible exercise. Habituate
yourself to walk very far. The Euro-
peans value themselves on having sub-
dued the horse to the use of man; but
I doubt whether we have not lost more
than we have gained by this animal-
for no one thing has caused such de-
generacy of the human body. An In-
dian goes on foot nearly as far in a day
as an enfeebled white does on his horse.
and will tire the best horses. A little
walk of half an hour in the morning,
when you first rise, is advisable. it
All this looks as though the the colored man from the State, and a
iquity, is to be very imperfectly meas-
The Boston Traveller says :-
bill was introduced into the Senate to
prevent any one from entering. With
ured by its subscription list, and indeed selves in the dignity of a contemptu-
is in some measure, independent of it.|ous silence. The gauntlet is thrown
"There is increasing evidence that tory might succeed, if timely action is
introduction of slavery into that terri-
such elements, in that body, we are The utterer of unpalatable doctrine, of down, and they must either take it up
cordiality by M. Bouvet, who procured
for us an immediate introduction to
M. Lamartine. We felt, from the
first moment, when it was proposed to
hold the Congress at Paris, that in no
way could our object be so effectually
slaveholders with their slaves, are emi-
grating to California. It is doubtless
the fact that a large number of the per-
sons now waiting at Panama for trans-
portation to San Francisco, are South-
ern men with slaves. It is stated on
credible authority that families with
all their slaves are moving towards the
gold region from Arkansas, Tennessee,
and Missouri .- Slave drivers are mak-
ing up gangs of them to carry out."
not taken to prevent it. I am no alar-
mist, and despise sectional animosities, | free to say, those who would do good hated truth, was never yet popular. If or cry craven. The insolent common-
but I cannot feel willing to see an in-
to the oppressed in Ohio have yielded |he escapes such martyrdom as his age places of pro-slavery with which the
stitution so much to be deprecated to the behests of an illiberal spirit in
planted there."
deals in, at least he cannot expect it to Northern ear was insulted a few years
What will be the result of these
will lend him its ears, and that grudg-|people have been made comparatively
ingly, it is all that he can hope for. intelligent of the nature and effects of subserved, as by enlisting the sympa-
But there must be a voice to cry in the Slavery, in their own despite. Indi-
thies and gaining the countenance and
wilderness, "repent and flee from the rectly we have been the means of
movements of the southern slavehold-
ers upon the main question, we do not
now propose to consider. The incident-
al consequences, however, must prove
it ?- Concord Free Press.
disastrous, in many respects. If the
The Southerners believe that they
SLAVERY.
Jefferson's Memoirs.
can rely on the Senate to keep off the
Wilmot Proviso, and that, should they
property in slaves shall not receive a
legal recognition from the government
hereafter to be organized for Califor-
afford him a comfortable support. If it ago, are now almost unheard. The
others. With the facts before us, we
can look upon the preamble as little
else than a rhetorical flourish. How-
ever, if we mistake not, a better day
is coming. Who will help to hasten
co-operation of this illustrious man,
always known as an ardent friend of shakes off sleep, and produces other
wrath to come," although locusts and changing the dynasty that reigns over
wild honey must be its meat. The the land. The result, to be sure, Peace,, and lately raised to an eleva- good effects in the animal economy .--
scattered laborsjof our little remnant of
which substituted a Tyrant for a Sy- tion so conspicuous and honorable in
war-worn veterans, invaluable and all chophant on the throne was none of the presence of all Europe. M. de
There must doubtless be an unhap-
essential as they are. are almost lost our seeking; but the fact shows that Lamartine received us with great kind-
POPULATION OF THE UNITED STATES .-
According to the estimates of the Commis-
will prevent its adoption. True, legal-
sioner of Patents, the population of the Uni-
ted States now numbers 21,989,000 soule,
[ being an increase of 4,622,647 since 1840.
be disappointed in this, the President |nia, the loss to those who are sending py influence upon the manners of our sight of in the immensity of their field. the effects of long Anti-Slavery labors neas and courtesy, and when our pro-
slaves to that region will of course be | people produced by the existence of They need a central organ to magnify |are beginning to be recognized among ject was explained to him, assured us,
ly, without the Proviso, they have no ruinous; the territory will be deluged slavery among us. " The whole com- their office and to proclaim and record |the elements of political fermentation. in the most emphatic language, of his
right to hold slaves in California, but with an ignorant and thieving popula- merce between master and slave is a their successes. Men require: some We have make the cauldron seethe, deep interest in our cause, and of his | This does not include California and New
slavery has always been established| tion, whose presence will be an unmit- perpetual exercise of the most boister- |single point to which to look, to know | and it matters little what scum is first | willingness to aid us to the utmost of i Mexico.
