THE ESKIMO BULLE TIN
Only Yearly in the World.
YOL.II. Gape Prince of Wales, Alosha., June, 1845.
Arctic Mail.
That we need better facilities
for mail, is evident from the
fact that the Bulletin can
communicate with the out-
Side world only once a year.
Russia has mails carried to
and from its inhabitants scat
tered over the wilds of Siberia
by dog and deer. Can't our
Government do as much for
Arctic Alaska?
Gold!
Goldl
Gold!
A New Eldorado
for.
Terms per year. No./
Advertisements.
Rates Free. No ads, trom Pet.
| Medicine Fakes with sensation
alatories will be inserted in
this paper
A black dog-Lastfull
LOST
Journey north of the Cape.
moon-Twee sleep's
Return to Il-la-yok's Father
Yukon Miners.
Special to the Bulletin.
Mr.J.A.Dexter, the A. C. Ca's
trader, and Mr. Hutlbert, the
Swedish Miss'n'y teacher at
Golovin Bay, hate disco.crcd,
gold, which, according to the
opinion of an old Yukon pros belong to the P.C. herd- No chan
It is unnecessary to delay the pector, will prove a bonanza, ges.
establishing of a Mid-Winter Over It is in the vicinity of the
lene mail route from S.E. Alaska,
Three stray dear-No
FOUND marks Supposed to
Ki-year-zruk.
To exchange Win Rifle
where they have a bi-monthly old Golovin Bay Lead and Silver WANTED for sex seedsted ogs
until the Spring thaw.
Kichen.
Golovin Bay, March. 1895. UN-UT-KOOT, Dr-meopathic Doc-
Reindeer.
ter and wind charmer.
No luck, no par:
mail, to Arctic Alaska, where
we have a chance summer mail,
until the entire Ty. is stocked
with domesticatea reindeer.
With the numerous trained dogs
and native drivers which are
distributed along the river
Although the Winter has KUNG-EE-SUK UN-Ft-Root
been a severe one, our mis-
valleys and sea-coast, and a
few teams of trained deer, from has thrived and multiplied.
Sion herd, now numbering. 171,
of the
Paleopathic School.
Resa apkarzruk, suburb.
Basement near Kossa.
the herds in the region of Ben Unlike last year, the Spring KLUNTY very worker and curiamate
ing Streit, & fex mail routes has been early and warm, Pick-00-ME-IT made to order. Price of
could be established for a trifle. In the calving season in Apriland
red fox skins. Kopok & Father.
A Close Call
May very favorable.
frame-work,
"The last sled from Port Clarence.
In Sept., three Diomedes Dome there has 125 fawns, with
brings news that the Gov. herd BLUBBER Ten seal bags of whale
and walrus oil, to ex-
it (skin beats), on their way home only, nine deaths, and An-te- change for blue and salmon
from Part Clarence, making, an
slooks herd at Sing-e-yok' berries. Mung-nok.
unsuccessful attempt to land has 66 fawas with four Beaths.
here in the surf, were carried In view of the success attend OK-BA-OK'S FATHER
out toward their island home in mg this third year of the ex-
the middle of the strait by the periment of introducing on
wind and current.
this continent, the Siberian
Much uneasiness was felt by domesticated reindeer, it is
their friends here, until Oct., to be hoped that Congress,
IMPORTER
when news came, through a Cape will no longer delay to make Siberian Wolverene Trim-
trader, that they reached the adequate appropriations and ming, Deerskins, and Leat
islands, after a few hours sail provisions for the stocking Tobacco.
without any mishaps, and suc- of Arttic Alasia with this.
ceeded in safely landing ried
most of their baggage,
fish and berries!
valuable animal.
LAST CHANCE
BERING Straits
A Cossack at East C. Bering Strait has been impass If you want Powder, Lead,
able during the winter. Only once Cape. Primers, Knives, Calico,
Organ the fast five winters have Drilling, & Floor, bring your
News comes through Diomedes natives been able to cross it on furs now before my
natives, that a Russian offic the ice. It is a dangerous trip
cer, who has established a Gor which but few Eskimos and he
Past at Indian Pt. during the whites have ever made.,
winter has visited East
Cape several times.
"Globe Trotters" contemplating
a trip by Bering Strait should
plan to cross it in the um-
Imen
SMALL STOCK
Kok-i-tuk.
is exhausted.
