vy 7—______ —_———— ee

EXTRA EXTRA

J COAST BAN LIFTED

=

MOMELL, CALIFOR!L. Decz 1984 |

WAR DEPARTHEDT REVOKES
EXCLUSION ORDER SUXDAY

(Although the regular issues ef the NEWELL STAR were to be discontinuec io pre-
paration fer the special New Year issuc, a major anncuncement ty the Western Les
fense Commend lifting tie West Coast ban 2s necessitated this issue to .cquaint
the residents wit! ell-impertant information.--Ed, lote)

Tue Commanding General of the Western Defense Command has today iss<d the ne-
eessary orders to terminate mass exclusien of persons of Japanese ancestry from
the Pacifie eoastal area, In the future only those individuals whose records iny
diccte that they are potentially dangerous to the militury security are to be exe
eluded,

The new system will vermit the greet majority of persons of Japanese sucestry
to ove freely anywhere in the U. S. that they may vish to go. Tre wilitary au-
thorities have row classified Japanese Americans in three sroups:

1. A group of those persons wo will be free te eve about or
reside in any part of the U. S. The vest majority of per-
sons of Japanese ancestry will be in tiis croup.

2. 4A erovp of those who have definitely indicated that they
are not leyal to the U. S. or are considered as potential-
ly danverous to the military security, These individucls
will continue to be excluded,

3. A very emall group ef individuals whose cases have uct yet
been determined.

The Project Director of the eceuter has beer supplied with a list of tlose in-
dividuals wio are to be permitted to nove freely throughout tie U.S. de
will take appropriate steps to inform those wuo are on tuat list. Those on this
list who wish to have identification cards from the \estern Defense Command in
their possession may secure them by applyirs tiru the Project Director, to the
Western Defense Command.

Representatives of the vestern Defense Command have wirived at the couter nd
starting tomorrow will individually notify any individuals wio .re to bs exeluced,
They will also notify those individuals whose cases have not yet been Cevermined
end will interview suc: individuals in order to determine their fiual status.

It is not contemplated that any list will be published to the .ener.l publie
of those whose exclusion is to be continued.

In order that the movement avay from the center maybe accouplis‘ied in au orcern
ly end peaceful manner and in order that proper plans may be made to recoive tem
at their destination, the restrictions now in effect concerning departure from the
relocation center will be continued in effect until January <0, 1945, Letween the
present date and January 20, those individuals who have already received or may
receive permits from the Western Defonse Command may leave the center, ‘fter Janus
ary 20 all restrictions will be lifted except in the oases of individuals who will
be specifically and individually notified,

