I that the Liberty
to
pieces-that it
-that it is liable
ich mere politi-
from the path
nd that until the
octrinated into a
ness and folly of
them to legislate
ne is so simple
uns may read
e Liberty Party
position of their
itself, as Gar-
ened conscience
ad undimmed by
rrit Smith's Let-
Treatise.
But
ents. Who can
Herick Douglass'
nable to master
long time at the
Gamaliel; and I
lent and with the
rerts feel, he will
municate his con-
are not already
passion for poli-
r. Mathews is a
berty Party, he
g many in these
oral foundations
s of the assump-
up. It is diffi-
urn their atten-
al movements of
e them under-
use of to much
of Slavery, until
and enlightened
n." up friend Webb's garret, in Dublin. We are
glad that Mr. Webb does not pretend to have
read Gerrit Smith's "letter;" he only speaks
of having "seen" it. The sight of it was
doubtless enough for him. He saw enough
to convince him, that both "Mr. Smith's 'let-
ter' and Mr. Spooner's treatise, are ponderous
arguments." We agree with the letter of
this conclusion, though we may dissent from
its spirit, for we believe the arguments to be
not only weighty, but unanswerable.
Eng-
lishmen" may not be quite as clear in mental
vision, as some of us apprehend; still we can-
not believe, with Mr. Webb, that it is difficult
to make them understand the necessity and
appropriateness of political action in this
country for the abolition of slavery. Indeed,
we found it difficult to make "Englishmen" un-
derstand how slavery could be otherwise abol-
ished. The philosophy of infusing a correct
moral sentiment into the government, by
means of voting for good men, and against
bad ones, has been too often advocated in Eng-
land by George Thompson, Esq., M. P., not to
be pretty easily comprehended throughout
the realm. If, however, "Englishmen" need
further light upon that subject, let them at-
tend Mr. Thompson, in one of his election-
eering campaigns through the Tower Ham-
lets, and if they are not then initiated, we
shall unite with the haters of England, and
call John Bull a stupid fellow !! SORROW AND IMPATIENCE.-It is important
to make a distinction between sorrow and im
patience. We may feel sorrow without sin;
but we can never feel impatience without
sin. Impatience always involves a want of
submission; and he who is wanting in sub-
mission, even in the smallest degree, is not
perfect before God.-Inquirer. glory. But strange to say, the
administration has succeeded; and, however
disgusting, odious, and even contemptible,
Mr. Fillmore and Webster made themselves
in the opinions of all right-minded men,
they have fully succeeded by the dint of
official and pro-slavery party influence to
fasten the above issue upon the country.
The question is not now whether this or
that party shall succeed in choosing their
candidates. But the question is, "shall the
fugitive slave law be forced upon the citizens
of this country?" When this atrocious law
was first published, the instinct of the North
broke out in a loud expression of indignation
against it. It spoke before the discipline of
party had time to modify its expression or
stifle the honest feelings of the people.-
From present appearances the scene has en-
tirely changed, and in respect to party pros-
pects, there is a great reason to fear the just
and honest indignation which originally de-
nounced the fugitive slave bill, is extensively
allayed.
It is a most unexpected result, after the
reflection and experience of so many months,
that both the Whig and the Democratic
parties not only embrace the fugitive slave
bill and its execution, but the entire settle-
ment whose terms were so intensely odious
at first, as well as the administration, for no
other reason than that it originated and
carried through those black, infernals chemes.
We venture to say that if the character of
Mr. Fillmore's administration is to be judged
by those measures, it is at this moment the
most popular administration that has ever
existed in this country. Against it, no
stickler for office, or dependent for popu-
larity in either party, dare wag his tongue.-
Its crowning act is that inhuman and diaboli- his mission of mercy.
The Canary, and other Foreign and Domestic S
Birds. Giving full instruction for the man
ment and feeding-the proper treatment of
young, &e.-carefully compiled from actualk no
edge and experience. Rochester-Published
G. W. Fisher
This is a nice little book-a cheap
book-and a useful little book for the Br
Fancier, and we give the advertisementor
aim and object with pleasure...
The following work is presented to th
public with confidence as to its merits.
Believing, from the frequent inquiries
such a book, that it was much needed, stom
were taken to procure its compilation and
arrangement, by one fully competent to the
task; and it is confidently believed th
there is no similar book now extant, w
so much useful matter pertaining to th
most beautiful Cage Bird, the Canary, can be
found at so low a price.
Everything needed by the bird fancier.
enable him to pair, breed, raise and treat he
favorite pet is here mentioned in the
plain simple manner; and every one havin
to do with, or wishing to raise these harr
nious songsters should possess a copy,
price is nothing in comparison to the inf
mation it contains. To THE MEMBERS OF THE LIBERTY PATE
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.-The State Co
vention ordered me to furnish the State voter
for the Liberty Party of this State at the com
ing election. The time is short. I
therefore that all who are not provided wit
them will inform me by letter post paid-and
if convenient send along a contribution
pay their part of the expense.
JOHN THOMAS
SYRACUSE, Oct. 12, 1851. There are 726 Indians in the State of
Michigan who belong to the Methodi
Church. ol, England, from
ed, to "the Editor
very Standard, we
determined effort
ompson and Webb, ," of this country,
as position before
What private griefs
s! we know not;
, that Mr. Thomp-
t, wears an aspect
unmagnanimous :
edge, he had no
men in this country,
nd of abolitionists.
rty." When here,
spised their sym-
and it is not a
ald, so soon after
ad, exert his mag-
in the work of Without disparaging the American Anti-
Slavery Society, (for we have no heart, even
when thus provoked, to turn accuser of any
part of the brotherhood,) we must still say,
that the Liberty party is not a whit behind
that organization in the stainless purity of its
principles, in its fearless enunciation of truth,
and in the firmness with which it maintains
itself against seductive influences at home,
and unfounded reproaches from abroad. er, that the friends
ill weigh well the
of Mr. Thomp-
Party, the stand-
GERRIT. SMITH of
needs the prefix
d it to the love
aropists through- Mr. Webb asks, with apparent sim-
plicity, "what is then to prevent the Liberty
party from putting forth some exposition of
their views, that shall recommend itself as Gar-
son's does, to every enlightened conscience, which
is unbiassed by sect, and undimmed by selfish-
ness?"
Most innocently put, barring the
crookedness of the sentence ! We must re-
gret that there is too great a resemblance in
the reception given to the expositions of the
Liberty party, and that which has hitherto at-
tended the exposition of Mr. Garrison. There
must be few "enlightened consciences" left in
this unhappy world, if those only are so who
assent entirely to the "expositions" of Mr.
Garrison! "I have seen Gerrit Smith's letter,"
says Mr. Webb. We should like to know
WHICH? for Gerrit Smith has written many
letters on the subject of slavery, during the
last 18 or 20 years, and if they could all be eeting in Bristol,
hes the Standard
thews, the Free
nited States, took
ns and merits of
bb says, "he (Mr.
- Mr. Thompson,
nd statements to
ng terms, the ab-
ir political enter-
ti-Slavery action,
ught of the Abo-
ss and hypocrisy
stones of the sys- THE ENEMIES OF THE FUGITIVE
SLAVE BILL, WITHOUT DISTINC
TION OF PARTY.
The Anti-Slavery Whigs in Syracuse im-
mediately reured from around the agents of
Mr. Fillmore in Syracuse and left them alone
in their glory. Those agents are the Presi-
dent's appointees, the United States Attorney
Lawrence, the Marshal, who are obliged
to lean against the throne, and catch Slaves
persecute their neighbors, or lose their
and
offices.
But it is not in Syracuse alone that the
Whig party is thus arraigned. The division
has gone through the State. Anti-Slavery
Whigs and presses have been forced by this
overaction of the great Whig head at Wash-
ington, to array themselves against the
Government. No party papers fight each
other with greater passion and bitterness
than the Hunkers and Free-Soil Whig papers
of this State. The two factions of that party
stand out in their distinct and hostile colors.
The Compromise at Albany was all "Frost-
work;" it dissolved the first moment a negro
stood for liberty. It disappeared with the
breath that pronounced the penalty of trea-
son upon the crime of trying to be free.-
The prophesy of the Times perished like an
untimely birth. One question only may com-
bine the voters of the Whigs of this State at
the coming election. That is, the canal
question. On the Presidential question
the party is already irretrievably dismem-
bered.
J. T. J. T. tended the exposition of Mr. Garrison. There
must be few "enlightened consciences" left in
this unhappy world, if those only are so who
assent entirely to the "expositions" of Mr.
Garrison! "I have seen Gerrit Smith's letter,"
says Mr. Webb. We should like to know
WHICH? for Gerrit Smith has written many
letters on the subject of slavery, during the
last 18 or 20 years, and if they could all be
llected they would not fall short of filling
Until lately we never did believe Mr. Fill-
more and Webster could make their threat
good, to wit: "The execution of the fugitive
slave law shall be the issue for the next Presi-
dential election." When the Whig and
Democratic Hunkers of this city and state
put themselves upon that issue, in face of the
popular feeling here and elsewhere, we did
believe they would soon find they were left LITERARY NOTICES.
HARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE, Oct
This number is very attractive, and the
reader is sure of variety. Among the con
tents that possess considerable interest, an
"Abbot's life of Napoleon Bonaparte": "Ma
rice Tiernay," by Charles Lever; and My
Novel or Varieties in English Life, by hi
Edward Bulwer Lytton." Several of the
original articles are of considerable merit,
and the present number well sustains its re
tation.
LITTELL'S LIVING AGE, Numbers 386, and
Are, as usual, filled with valuable variety
Biography and History, Travels by Land a
Sea, Political and Literary articles well com
piled, combine to render the Living Ag
an important, and almost indispensable work
to the friends of progress.
PRISONER'S FRIEND, Oct.
We always welcome this magazine to
table. Its name is significant. Its object
mainly, the amelioration of the condition of
the criminal, and the elevation and restora
tion of the fallen sons and daughters of h
manity. The editor, Mr. Spear, is now
England. His "notes by the way," contain
ing as they do, his account of a visit
several of the Ragged Schools" of London
will be perused with gratification by
who desire the reformation of the juve
delinquents of that metropolis. We ar
sincerely glad of Mr. Spear's introduct
Lord Ashley, (now Earl of Shaftsbury
we deem that nobleman to be an ex
embodiment of true, honest-hearted, Briti
philanthropy. We wish the Editor of the
Prisoner's Fi Society in 1850.
church refused to admit
conduct of the committee
not less a mistake than a
is sufficient regard for fre
ance by which that condu
and, uninviting and incon
My meeting was held in a
Mr. Cole and I were not a little relieved,
when we were kindly welcomed to the house
of the Rev. Z. Smith, the Baptist minister, in
whose meeting-house I lectured in the even-mond to detest the narro
ing. Mr. Smith is one of the few young min-
isters of our country, who have not studied
Christ as the author and sanctifier of oppres-
sion. He opened the meeting with an ardent
prayer for the "deliverance of the captive and
the opening of the prison to them that are
bound." My meeting here, though not large,
was highly encouraging. The feeling evinced
by the hearers, was that of horror at the
enormity of slavery, and the brutal inhuman-
ity of "the fugitive slave law." It was in
it was filled by a refine
audience. Many of the
church condemned the ac
giving their presence and
to my meeting at the se
introduced to the meeting
Mr. Hull, who, I found, is
in that neighborh ity of "the fugitive slave law." It was in
Cuba that that traitor to God and man. Mil-
lard Fillmore, did but a few years ago stand up
Mr. Hull, who, I found, is
teemed in that neighborh
buke of the pro-slavery sp
1 buke of the pro-slavery sp
doors of churches 