1 articles charge by the late Justice Story, is quoted by
the pro-slavery papers in support of the no-
tion that the Christiana and Syracuse rioters
are guilty of treason. How these "Daniels'
make out any such result from it, we are
unable to understand:-Roch. Democrat. red in its
ed by the
Slavery,
uilt con-
mbers of
who either
their pul-
rs of sla- -Morning recapture
Teet. It
s in this
ate. But
tical just-
gations to
its exist- aragraph
to make
ttle more
Imit that
w for the
revious to
ures gave
urbances
infamous
gainst the
the jury
and the
od to, and
at annoy
liver the who either
their pul-
rs of sla-
eat influ-
ations in
n; and a
"In regard to the treasonable design, it is
not necessary that it should be a direct and
positive intention entirely to subvert or over-
throw the government. It will be equally
treason if the intention is by force to pre-
vent the execution of any one or more gen-
eral and public laws of the government, or
es as the to resist the exercise of any legitimate au-
s a fort- thority of the government in sovereign ca-
body of pacity. Thus, if there is an assembly of per-
n of mad-sons with force, with the intent to prevent
d "Zeno the collection of the lawful taxes or duties
ren, by a levied by the government-or to destroy eat influ-
ations in
n; and a
es as the
s a fort-
treason if the intention is by force to pre-
vent the execution of any one or more gen-
eral and public laws of the government, or
to resist the exercise of any legitimate au-
thority of the government in sovereign ca-
body of pacity. Thus, if there is an assembly of per-
n of mad-sons with force, with the intent to prevent
d "Zeno the collection of the lawful taxes or duties
ren, by a levied by the government- or to destroy
contem- all custom-houses, or to resist the adminis contem- all custom-houses, or to resist the adminis
Iness had tration of justice in the Courts of the United
ty, we all States, and they proceed to execute their
"When purpose by force, there can be no doubt
mean to that it would be treason against the United tration of justice in the Courts of the United
States, and they proceed to execute their
purpose by force, there can be no doubt
that it would be treason against the United
States. AID TO CANADIAN REFUGEES.-There are
at present about 40,000 exiled blacks in Cana
da, formerly residents of the United States,
and their number is fast increasing. Of
course when they arrive in that "land of the
free," they are destitute of everything in the
way of a livelihood save sturdy hands and
willing hearts. Philanthropists in Michigan
and elsewhere are seeking to enable the refu-
gees to become lords of the soil, that they
may raise their own bread, educate their
own children, and become intelligent, pros-
perous British subjects. For this purpose
the Canadian Refugee Home Society has
been formed, and the object is to raise money
enough to purchase 50,000 acres of land in
Canada for the benefit of the colored men
who have fled from slavery. The lands are
to be divided into lots of 25 acres, and deeded
to families of actual settlers, as an inalienable
inheritance. It is proposed to purchase the
lands of the Canada Company in the most
southern and western portions of the Upper
Province, where the climate is mild and
the soil good.-Roch. Democrat. A SLAVEHOLDER'S VIEWS.-The following
is an extract from the private letter of a
Southern friend to the Editor of the New
York Tribune.
**** Since you have heard from me, Lib-
erty has retrograded in Europe apparently.
The disposition in slaveholders to hold on to
slaves has increased. My eager ears have
listened to hear of political movements favor-
able to the puting down of Slavery, but from
that quarter I am almost left to despair. It
is true, there are many bold and noble spirits
that contend manfully on the side of Hu-
manity; but the struggle is unequal.
"Deeply do I deplore the favor shown to
the Fugitive Slave Law by the Ministers of
the Gospel! Law-abiding people they ought
to and should be; but they need not justify
this law, instead of urging its repeal. If they
knew what Slavery is, in all its details, I am
sure they would not-except such as are in-
terested in owning slaves; and for them I
must exclaim, O how difficult for them to
read their bibles aright!
"Now, here comes the Cuban agitation.
How many are coveting Cuba for the exten-
sion of Slavery; how many for self aggran-
dizement; and how few for the pretended
object of giving Liberty to the oppressed.
"You will marvel when I tell you that I
am a slaveholder.
"My platform is: Education for Slaves,
Gradual Emancipation by Colonization and
other means.
R. TREASON-ARREST, &C.-The employers
of government have been very busy trying to
catch as many poor blacks as they can near
Christiana, and some fifty are now in custody.
They are charged with treason, and being
dark-skinned, it will go hard with them, if
they do not suffer as traitors.
The investigation goes on briskly in Phila-
delphia.
A fugitive was arrested on the 15th-a new
escape-and of course handed over, as no
black man has a right to his freedom.
Young GORSUCH will recover.-True Dem. to assist in manacling, for the purpose of re
ducing to slavery, one who has lived ame
them the life of an industrious and honest cit
izen; whom for years they have been accus
tomed to meet in their daily walks, and with
whom, perhaps, they have broken bred-
Every manly instinct of our nature is aroused
at the very proposal, and it is not until they
are advised by reflection, that it is better for
one or a dozen men to suffer, than that the
moral supremacy of the law should be shaken
that the most conservative and orderly of our
people can be induced to remain quiet spee-
tators of such barbarism.
It is the curse of this law that the people
of the free States can never get reconciled to
it.
They will obey it after a fashion-that
is, that they will permit the officers of justico
to do their duty unmolested, but every new
warrant will open anew the fountains of bit
terness, and extend farther the dangerous
habit of questioning the wisdom and the jus
tice of our lawgivers. A BLIND PRESIDENT.-The following is an
extract from Mr. Fillmore's speech at Buf
falo:
-There is no liberty, no security, without
law. The law, whatever it is, must be en-
forced." forced.
"And I have sworn
upon the Holy Evangelists to execute the
laws, of all kinds. I have endeavored, to
the best of my ability, to execute them.
intend to execute them, and, God helping
me, I will execute them."
We can tell the President it depends upon
what the laws are. Law to make slaves don't
make liberty or secure late. Such laws men
settle not in the Courts. Our fathers settled
such laws on the battle-field, and we
will do so if there is occasion. We are a na-
tion of rebels against such laws.
paper.
Exchange AUTOGRAPHS.-We are anxious, (says an
exchange,) to collect and preserve the auto-
graphs of all our subscribers, and, therefore,
request all, whether in city or country, to en-
close the amount due in a letter, with their
several signatures. Our thanks are due to
those who have already anticipated us by ad-
vance payment. Sneech delivered-Daniel Webster, in a
last, thus spoke of the Fugitive Slave Law:
"Depend upon it, the Law will be ex-
'ecuted in its spirit and to its letter. It will
'be executed in all the great cities-here in
Syracuse, in the midst of the next Anti-
Slavery Convention, if the occasion shall
'arise.'
6
According to promise, and for the sake of
the Union, the aforesaid Daniel and his fol-
lowers undertook yesterday to carry the afore-
said law into effect "here in Syracuse." It
was the day selected for our County Agricul-
tural Fair and a Convention of the Liberty
party. A large number of persons were in
from the country. It had been rumored that
a slave-hunter had been here two or three
.weeks, making preparations for a grab at
this most propitious time. About two o'clock
P. M., James Henry was arrested, hand-
cuffed, and drawn on a cart through the
streets, with some eight or ten persons hold-
ing him down. He was a stout, athletic fel-
low, about half white. The bells of the
churches were rung, when a crowd immedi-
ately gathered in front of the Police-Office,
where his trial was to take place, until it had
reached several thousand. As his trial pro-
gressed the excitement became intense. This
continued until dark, when the Court ad-
journed to this morning. The prisoner was
then taken into a back room in the rear of
the main office. A tremendous velling then
commenced; stones were thrown; the doors
and windows of the office were smashed, and
the crowd rushed in. The lights were im-
mediately put out, and two or three pistol-
shots fired in the dark-one from within and
one from without. It is understood that the
officers who had been so valiant while the
Military were out, now suddenly became
scarce. One jumped out the window and
broke his arm, and the rest went-as all
miserable tools and cowards go when there
is any danger-as fast as their legs could
carry them. The prisoner was then seized.
thrown into a carriage, and conveyed, it is
said, to a country town. Rely apon it, there
is dreadful treason in these parts. Unless
relief comee very soon, Silver-Grayism here
will die with the galloping consumption.-
N. Y. Tribune.
M joyed the temperature of the winter months
having employed their leasure hours in ac
quiring a thorough knowledge of the Arabie
and the Haussa, the two principal languages
of the countries as far as Lake Tehad. The
Haussa indeed is the chief medium in the
Great Desert and Sudan from Mursuk to
Kanz, in Borneo, Arabic being principally
spoken."-Athenæum. CATHERINE HAYES.-Hardly has the voice
of Jenny Lind died upon the ear before we
are lured by the notes of another distin
guished soprano from the old world; the
Swan of Erin" follows the "Swedish Night
ingale." The quality of Miss Hayes' voice
and her style of execution, are said to differ
widely from those of Miss Lind, so that a
comparison can hardly be instituted between
them. From a beautiful tribute to the mer
its of this lady, compiled by a contributor to
the Dublin University Magazine, and for
warded to us by Mr. Wardwell, it appears
that she has a reputation in the musical
world that may well raise the highest expec
tations of our musical amateurs. If we are
rightly informed Miss Hayes will adopt the
course of Miss Lind, and sing in Concert and
Oratorio, but not in opera or on the stage-
This will afford our citizens an innocent and
a rational recreation, we hope to the damage
of theater-receipts. We are glad to learn
that negotiations are pending for the engage
ment of Miss Hayes in the oratorios of th
Harmonic Society. Will not our citizens
sustain a Society that might do much to cle
vate the standard of sacred music? In a few
weeks we may be able to speak advisedly
of this new visitant in the world of song--
Independent THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW-The Erenia
Post, after showing the difficulties attending
the execution of laws which conflict with pub
lie sentiment and popular sympathies adds
The fugitive slave law is one of these of
fensive laws. In the free States its op
tion is revolting. The people feel it to be an
impeachment of their manhood, to be asked 