C
d now
n of It in Next
al 14 Pages, 3 Cents. 7. PHOTO
by STEFEENS
CHICAGO Which Show
Ing Array of Figures Which
Effect of the Present Political Crisis
Upon the Stock Market. the On of the most interesting aspects of the present extraordinary political crisis is the
effect which it has produced upon the stock market According to the best obtainable es-
timates, there has been within the past fortnight a shrinkage of values amounting to about
THREE HUNDRED MILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
This
Everybody realizes that the Democratic platform is going to demand free silver.
realization affects the market in various ways. Perhaps some great operators may be se-
cretly willing to give the country an object lesson of the effect the free coinage policy would
have upon Prosperity. Suggestions to this effect have not been lacking. But undoubtedly
much of the liquidation has been genuine. There has been sufficient panicky talk in the pa-
pers and among politicians to alarm small investors. Putting two and two together-the
admittedly wonderful growth of silver sentiment and the disasters which local authorities
have predicted from its success-there has been reason enough for timid speculators to take
to the woods.
The extent to which they have migrated in that direction is displayed in the figures.
In twelve days from the time of McKinley's nomination, when confidence and stocks were
at their highest, the total value of twenty-nine listed securities dealt in on the New York
Stock Exchange has shrunk by $59,260,000. The shrinkage in the hundreds of stocks not
listed cannot be accurately fixed, but a careful estimate of the decline in this market puts it at
$300,000,000. Burlington is worth $6,400,000 less than twelve days ago, Atchison $5,373,000,
Sugar $6,000,000,, Chicago Gas $2,000,000, Southern Railroad, $4,000,000, and so on down
the list.
Sugar went down 34 points yesterday, Manhattan 3, Northwestern 3 and other stocks
There was a rush
in proportion. The whole day was one of steady and rapid declines.
to sell from the time the Exchange opened. Frightened investors and bears continued to
keep the market on the slide, but the efforts of the bears to create a panic were happily unsuc-
cessful. Their rum or that $4,000,000 or $5,000,000 in gold would be shipped this week proved
unfounded. Only $200,000 in gold was taken from the Sub-Treasury yesterday for ship-
ment. The action of the Chicago Convention seems to be pretty thoroughly discounted by
this time, and the actual adoption of a free coinage platform will not come as a shock and
may not have much additional effect. John P. Altgeld, the Silver Leader.
(From his latest photograph.) PRIC In
FIGHTING
CLEVELAND.
し A Mob of Ten Thousa.
Attacks Policemen
and Workmen. Strikers and Deputies Also
Have a Fierce Struggle
at Berea. Frenzied Women Urge Me
to Dee ds of Violence
and Aid Them. The Militia Have Been Called O
and Two Companies Are
Now in Berea. Fifty Deputy Sheriffs Try to Preve
Striking Quarrymen from Interf
with Men at Work and A
Attacked-More Rioting Cleveland, Ohio, July 1.-The
the shots fired in the Berea stone
strike had hardly died away this aft
than a wild mob broke loose on the
of this city. Ten thousand people, y
cursing, howling, jeering and swe
surrounded the works of the Brow
ing and Conveying Company, a
place there is a lock-out, for block
sides. Never in this city's hist
there been a parallel. Over 100 n
men were at work to day in the
Hoisting and Conveying Company's
A strong detail of policemen were
up to protect them as they left their
this evening. The policemen endeavo
load the non-union men onto the cars,
by strategy the strikers and thousan
their sympathizers prevented this.
threatening crowd gathered about the
coats and the non-union men, wh
hedged within the hollow square
licemen.
Finally A. L. Strong, a non-unio
goaded to frenzy by the hooting mol,
his revolver and shot a striker by the
of Benjamin Ions and seriour
him. The crowd set up an a
assault was attempted
The police then decide
w STOCK. Highest
June 19. Closin
June 27. Closing
June 30. Closing
Yesterday. Estimated
Gross Loss. A., T. & S. F.... 15 3-8 131-2 13 3-4 13 1-4 $2,040,000 Do. pref. 22 3-8 20 20 1-2 19 5-8 3.330,000 American Sugar R. -123 5-8 113 5-8 1115-8 107 3-4 6,000,000 American Tobacco.. 68 63 5-8 63 60 1-4 1,440,000 Cotton Oil... 13 1-4 12 1-2 9 1-2 9 1-4 800,000 C., B. & Q. 79 7-8 74 3-4 73 5-8 715-8 6,400,000 C., C., C. & St. L. 33 7-8 313-4 293-8 27 1-2 1,350,000 Chicago Gas- 68 1-2 99 63 3-8 60 3-8 2,000,000 D. & H. 125 1-2 127 1-2 125 1-8 124 D., L. & W... 1.61 158 ILTELD'S WORD
IS LAW TO
SILVER. General Electric
N. J. Central.... must go. Now Opposed to Letting
Gold Democrats Have
Any Show. Free Coinage Men Mean to Hinois Governor Wants No
Chairmanship at the Chi-
cago Convention. Senator Hill May Be Chosen to Open
the Proceedings by the Gold
Committeemen. 104 Pacific Mall 71 79 1 Tenn. C. & I.. 25 3- U. S. Rubber pref. patches from New York announcing that
Senator Hill will be the candidate of the select the temporary chairman.
If the
committee choose a gold Democrat for that As sh and th States for temporary chairman have at-
tracted much interest among the silver driver p was carr said William F. Harrity, Chairman of the
Democratic National Committee, who ar- When the Mother Sac- plot in f by. Au & injured a National Lead Manhattan Elevated. 104 M., K. & T... 26 Missouri Pacific.. 24 Southern R. R. pref.. Do com.. Do. com.. words of stalwart "Buck" Hinrichsen. The
silver men can name the permanent chair- She ca HER LIFE FORFEIT and TO SAVE HER CHILD wag
ing
Mari
saw
witha Mrs. Fjolilies Run Down in Sev- - Fjolilies
had ju
enth Avenue by a Reck-
way w
wagon way w
wagon
The w ice-President Stevenson Will Not Be at the
Convention-Gold Men from Indiana
Will Work Against the White
Metal. Metal.
A8
Journal Convention Headquarters, Palmer
Iouse, Chicago, July 1.-Governor Altgeld
unconsciously pointed a certain moral this
a ternoon. It was at the Sherman House,
and he was the centrepiece of a picture
never to be forgotten by those who saw it,
To the right ran a stream of such men as
Hinrichsen, Stone, of Missouri, Trude and that he would perform the duties of tem-
porary chairman fairly and as a Democrat.
The bimetallists have a candidate for
temporary chairman in Senator Harris, of
Tennessee, and, if not acceptable, they will
present the name of Senator Jones, of Ar-
kansas. This, however, would simply be a
fulfilment of the Senatorial programme to
He had not been in town half an hour be-
fore there was a rush for his room at the
Wellington. His colleagues on the commit-
tee obtained an immediate audience with
him, and for two hours they explained the
situation to him.
The arrival of Chairman Harrity and the
congregation of the National Committee- temporary chairman in Senator Harris, of
Tennessee, and, if not acceptable, they will
present the name of Senator Jones, of Ar-
kansas. This, however, would simply be a
fulfilment of the Senatorial programme to
run the convention. men revived the talk of the gold Demo-
crats bolting the nomination of silver can- Wallace Turned Down.
Hugh C. Wallace, of the State of Wash-
ington, a gold man and supporter of the
Administration, was picked by the Nation-
al Committee. He had a reasonable cer
tainty of calling the convention to order
until Altgeld and silver men of his kind
held their conference yesterday at which wrist and Two Wagons Racing When the Woman
and Girl Tried to Cross at One Hundred Girl Tried to Cross at One Hundred
and Twenty-fourth Street-In-
The child
house by a
to the car
Several
det Twenty-fourth Street-In-
dignant Spectators.
to the care
Several dete
the identity the identity the Manhai
at 1 o'cloc
die. at 1 o'cloc Two men, each in a light wagon, were been made u
racing down Seventh avenue, shortly after
11 o'clock, last night, when one of them YONKER.
ran down a woman, who was crossing with
Annie Robbins ran down a woman,
her child, at One Hundred and Twenty-
fourth street. He pulled up his horse and
Annie Robbins,
Pocket Pocket Ladd, of Illinois. On his left were grouped al Committee. He had a reasonable cer
Bryan, of Nebraska; Turpie, of Indiana;
Daniel, of Virginia; McConnell, of Chicago,
with little rivulets of statesmen and poli-
ticlans running to the doors. Behind him
tainty of calling the convention to order
until Altgeld and silver men of his kind
held their conference yesterday at which
it was divulged that Wallace was the man And in the centre stood Altgeld, alone.
Short of stature, he seems still shorter by to Cleveland and the possibility that he
would in his speech laud the Administra-
tion and make the most of the opportunity
to do his friend at Washington a good turn. ct which seems never newly cut, but to
w into only a shabby and uneven length. Gold Men Marked to Go.
Secretary Sheerin, of the National Com-
mmittee, to-day experienced the first gust
of the silver storm, which is hanging over e clothes are of the "ready made" ap-
rance. They hang discouraged on that
ping frame. The knees of the trousers
wofully and the vest is creased across
many wrinkles. The coat creeps un-
Secretary Sheerin, of the National Com
mmittee, to-day experienced the first gust
of the silver storm, which is hanging over
his devoted head. He is a pronounced gold
man; his State is for silver, and the con man; his State is for silver, and the con-
sequence is he is marked for slaughter. in on the shoulders. The hat is gone.
ald is the strongest figure in
itical situation to-day.
silverit Advance agents of the Indiana delegation
passed the word along to-day that Sheerin
is to be turned down. Many of the Indiana
ould vote for him if th
nsulted ver platform. Such talk greatly enraged the
silver men. Being beaten in a fair fight,
they say, the gold men should line up.
The threat is made boldly now that when
the convention is over not one of the pres-
ent committee, who hails from a silver
State, will be left, with the exception of left his wagon to inquire as to the extent of
his victim's ihjuries,, from the crowd who
had gathered about her. For the third Vice-President Stevenson Appears.
Vice-President Stevenson slipped into the nie Robbins, th child exhibited he
indifference.
Palmer House early this morning. As he Policeman Castello, of the West One Hun- custody by Pat
is looked upon as a Presidential quantity, dred and Twenty-fifth Street Station, ap-
his appearance at this time made a slight peared on the scene. He made no attempt
sensation. The rumor went out that he to arrest the man, but began to ask ques-
had arrived to take a personal interest in
his own ambition, or to act as peacemaker
tions.
While he was thus engaged the man man-
At a lawn part
on South Broadw
O'Connor, nine ye between the East and the West. He dis-
"I am on my
sipated every rumor by declaring that his
visit had no significance.
way home," he said, "and I will not be
here during the convention."
aged to slip away to his wagon and drove
off. His identity and that of the other
man with whom he had been racing could
not be learned.
The men in driving downtown had come
one of the booths,
her pocket. With
Robbins girl picked
leisurely away. A
street, having pur ticket collector at dred and Twenty-fifth Street Station, ap-
peared on the scene. He made no attempt
to arrest the man, but began to ask ques-
tions.
child exhibited he
indifference,
At a lawn party
Broadw
on South tions.
While he was thus engaged the man man-
aged to slip away to his wagon and drove
off. His identity and that of the other
man with whom he had been racing could
not be learned.
on South Broadw
O'Connor, nine yea
street, having pu
one of the booths
her pocket. With
Robbins girl picke indifference. one of the booths,
her pocket. With v
Robbins girl picked
leisurely away. A
standing near, saw on all political topies, especially on the
money issue. Senator Blackburn recently as Mrs.
T Fjol nitted having taken t but did not seem to care whether they ran
over any one or not. nd 7 Ea Ined to brag ove
led her in the ca
morning. = out and say that he is for silver.
Contin
Second Page.
Th
In Second Page. 