EXTRA
EXTRA
COAST BAN LIFTED
TRENE WELL'S TAR?
EXTRA
NEWELL, CALIFORNIA
WAR DEPARTMENT
REVOKES
DECEMBER 19, 1944
EXCLUSION
ORDER
(Although the regular issues of the NEWELL STAR were to be discontinued in pre-
paration for the special New Year issue, a major announcement by the Western Le-
fense Command lifting the West Coast ban has necessitated this issue to acquaint
the residents with all-important information. -- Ed. Note)
The Commanding General of the Western Defense Command has today issued the ne-
cessary orders to terminate mass exclusion of persons of Japanese ancestry from
the Pacific coastal area. In the future only those individuals whose records in-
dicate that they are potentially dangerous to the military security are to be ex-
cluded.
The new system will permit the greet majority of persons of Japanese ancestry
to move freely anywhere in the U. S. that they may wish to go. The military au-
thorities have row classified Japanese Americans in three groups:
1. A group of those persons who will be free to move about or
reside in any part of the U. S. The vast majority of per-
sons of Japanese ancestry will be in this group.
2. A group of those who have definitely indicated that they
are not loyal to the U. S. or are considered as potential-
ly dangerous to the military security. These individuals
will continue to be excluded.
3. A very small group of individuals whose cases have not yet
been determined.
The Project Director of the center has been supplied with a list of those in-
dividuals who are to be permitted to move freely throughout the
U. S. He
will take appropriate steps to inform those who are on that list. Those on this
list who wish to have identification cards from the Western Defense Command in
their possession may secure them by applying thru the Project Director, to the
Western Defense Command.
Representatives of the western Defense Command have arrived at the center and
starting tomorrow will individually notify any individuals who are to be excluded.
They will also notify those individuals whose cases have not yet been determined
and will interview such individuals in order to determine their final status.
It is not contemplated that any list will be published to the general public
of those whose exclusion is to be continued.
..
In order that the movement away from the center may be accomplished in an order"
ly and peaceful manner and in order that proper plans may be made to receive them
at their destination, the restrictions now in effect concerning departure from the
relocation center will be continued in effect until January 20, 1945. Between the
present date and January 20, those individuals who have already received or may
receive permits from the Western Defense Command may leave the center. After Janu-
ary 20 all restrictions will be lifted except in the cases of individuals who will
be specifically and individually notified.
