2
The
of the British were very severe.
"long tcm" injured at Ladysmith has
been repaired and is being replaced.
The new contract reducing the price
of dynamite instituted by the raad in
August was registered December 28th be-
tween the government and the factory.
War Office Finds Nothing New
London, December 31.-The war office.
when communicating at about midnight
copies of the messages exchanged be-
tween the queen and the inhabitants of
Kimberley, stated that no further news
had been received up to that hour and
nothing of importance has come from
other sources during the night.
The week's sortles, skirmishes, recon-
noissances and bonbardments at various
points where the British and the Boers
confront each other, so far as can be
Judged, have had no effect upon the gen-
eral situation at the seat of war, which is
practically the same as it was a week
ago.
December 28th
of
During the night
Ladysmith and Chieveley camp were in
full communication, the former reporting
"all well." While the signaling was in
progress the Boers attempted to muddle
the messages with flash lights from each
extremity of their long, entrenched line.
The naval brigade took advantage of the
opportunity to shell the Boer position,
which were plainly revealed by throwing
on the
trenches
shelling of the Boer
lights. The naval battery
resumed the
of December 23d, but their fire
morning
falled to elicit any signs of life.
A dispatch from Cape Town, dated
Wednesday, December 27th, announced
that an armored train, had restored com-
munication with Dordrecht, where the
Free States flag had been hauled down
and that the Boers had been driven from
the adjacent hills to Stormberg.
Hear
unofficially
burg.
from Sterk-
reconnaissance,
that a British
stroom
seven miles north of Dordrecht, engaged
superior forces and was obliged to retire
on Dordrecht."
Farmers Join the Boers.
London, January 1.-The Daily Mail pub-
lishes the following dispatch from Cape
Town:
the
"Ninety-five per cent of
Bechuana farmers in the Vryburg dis-
trict joined the Boers, helping them to
loot the stores throughout the country
north or Orange river. They also under-
took to invest Mafeking while General
Cronje's men went south to meet Lord
Government of Bechuanaland
Methuen,
is being administered as if the Dutch had
been in possession for ages."
Boers Bombard Ladysmith.
Londen, January 1.-The following hello-
graph message has been received by way
of Weenen from Ladysmith, dated Wed-
nesday, December 27th:
"The Boers are actively bombarding the
town. One shell strucк the Devonshire
mess tent, killing Captain Dalzel and
wounding seven lieutenants-Dent, Twiss,
Tringham, Caffyn, Byrne, Scafe and
Kane."
A later dispatch from Ladysmith by
way of Ween, dated Friday, Decem-
ber 29th, says:
"All well. The Boers have been firing
plugged snells containing plum pudding
and the compliments of the season. They
are still fortify their positions, and are.
make a firm
evidently determined to
stand."
SUPPLIES FROM NEW ORLEANS.
Boers Have Bought Large Quantities
of Corn from That Port.
New Orleans, December 26.-The Brit-
Ish consul here is authority for the
statement that New Orleans has been
THE WEEKLY CONSTITUTION: ATLANTA, GA., MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1900
LAWTON'S BODY IS
ON A TRANSPORT
Funeral Was Held in Manila
Last Saturday and Was
Largely Attended
tack on Christmas Day, averted trouble.
Colonel Luther R. Hare, of the Thirty-
third infantry, who has been following a
party of American prisoners, lost track
for three days, about December 20th, of
such signs and evidences of their pas-
sage that they customarily left behind
them. It is thought the prisoners were
separated and conveyed to remote parts
of the mountains, thus increasing the dif-
ficulties of General Young's troops to ef-
fect a rescue.
SUGAR INDUSTRY
IN SOUTH GEORGIA
General Wheeler, who was recent- Pioneer in the Great Indus-
try in Georgia Has Great
Faith in it.
ly in Manila requesting an appoint-
ment south in the line of the expect-
ed campaign, is now at Panique.
more milk fat or butter from the cow
Good cows
than the careless milker can.
should be watered two or three times a
day. Good advice is given about feed-
ing the herd.
The United States is the leading diary
country of the world. Ten years ago the
annual value of the dairy products of this
country was estimated to exceed $100,000,-
000. There are about 17,000,000 cows in this
country, or about one to every four inhab-
sons, as large quantities of dairy products
"Who Gives to All
Denies All."
This is as true of the spend-
thrift of health as of the
con-
itants. One good cow furnishes the milk, waster of money. Do not
butter and cheese for more than four per waste your health by allow-
are exported. In some of the old Europeaning your blood to
cheese is consumed per capita as in the tinue impure, but purify,
vitalize and enrich it by tak-
ing Hood's
countries, two or three times much
United States. The average consumption
of milk in this country is twenty-five and
Sarsaparilla,
NATIVES SHOW SORROW capture of a mountain stronghold beyond JUDGE TILLMAN'S VIEWS gallons of milk per year or about enough America's Greatest Medicine.
Delegations from Towns Where Gen-
eral Established Civil Govern-
ments Presented Wreaths,
Which Were' Placed
on Casket.
m.-The
Manila, December 30-3 p.
funeral of General Henry W. Lawton,
I who was killed at San Mateo December
18th, was held today with impressive
ceremonies. The remains were conveyed
from the Paco cemetery down to
Luneta, to Pasig and thence to the trans-
the
Otis Tells of Work Done.
Washington, December 29.-The adjutant
general received a cable message from
General Otis this morning telling of the
Montalban, northeast of San Mateo, for-
merly supposed to be impregnable and the
capture of many prisoners and a large
quantity of arms and ammunition. The
dispatch is as follows:
"Manila, December 29,-Adjutant Gener-
al, Washington: Colonel Lockett with
Forty-sixth
regiment, two battalions
(Colonel Schuyler), one Forty-fifth (Colo-
nel Dorst), and company of Twenty-sev
enth infantry, two guns, Captain Van
Duesen, attacked enemy 600 strong on
mountain stronghold beyond Montalban,
Large number
northeast San Mateo.
killed and wounded; twenty-four taken
prisoners. Locket captured one
forty rifles, 20,000 rounds ammunition, 500
pounds powder, arsenal fortifications, all
food supplies and considerable other prop-
erty. This cap
is located on the
supposed to
cannon,
During the War He Made White
Sugar with Ease and Says It
Can Now Be Done with
Half the
Only!
Trouble.
Quitman, Ga., December 28.-(Special.)-
Judge Joseph Tillman, the father of the
present movement for the establishment
captured ties, Lieuten- of sugar refineries in this state, has been
mountain trail and
be impregnable, Our
ant Enslow, Eleventh cavalry, and five
enl
that
enlisted men wounded, mostly slight. for years deeply interested in all
Private Matson, Forty-fifth infantry, could develop the great natural advan-
drowned.
OTIS."
tages of this section especially, and the
one of the chief ports used by Boer agents
for securing supplies for use in the Trans-port Thomas, which sails tomorrow after- LOCKETT DEFEATS INSURGENTS south in general.
vaal, and that British ships have been noon.
Corn,
used largely in their shipment.
NEWS FROM AFRICA NOT GOOD.
London, January 1-In the absence of
confirmation of the reported sortie from
Ladysmith, that story is discredited. No
such hopeful view can be taken as the
Boer account of the Mafeking sortie
seems to convey. No word regarding any
such movement has yet arrived from
British sources and the feeling of suspicion. The British authorities, however,
pense is deepening, as it is feared Colo- appear to have been possessed of more
nel Baden-Powell's silence Indicates that
his position is becoming desperate.
The dispatches from the front
breathe a confident spirit, which is
by no means echoed here.
it seems, has been one of the principal
staples bought for the purpose and was
bought and shipped away from this port
without creating either comment or sus-
or less information on the subject for
some time, but have been powerless to
stop the shipments. The plan, the Brit-
sh consul says, has been to ship the
grain and other supplies from New Or-
Jeans, to Rotterdam and there reship to
ports from which the Transvaal could
be reached. British ships were used to
carry the supplies as far as Rotterdam.
Investigation here tonight revealed the
As the body was removed from the
vault Chaplain Marrin read the prayers.
The personal staff of the late general
was augmented by Color Sergeant Simon,
Trumpeter
The lates: Ladysmith advices
show that the Boer shelling is be-
coming deadly, while sickness and
ennui must also be telling strongly fact that the quantity of corn shipped number of clergymen, the calsson, cove"
upon the garrison.
The news of the spread of a rebellion
among the Dutch colonists and of the
from New Orleans to Rotterdam this
season has been in excess of 3,000,000
bushels, while the legitimate trade has
never required more than 400,000 bushels.
attempts of Boers to cut the railway at BOER AGENT IS IN TROUBLE.
widely different points is very disquieting
as bearing upon the safety of the ex-
tended lines of communication.
All the correspondents are beginning to
hint at a forward movement on the part
of General Buller, the danger of which
is indicated in a dispater to The Daily
Telegraph from Frere recording the un-
fortunate fallure of two reconnaissances.
In one case the Boer lines at Colenso
were to have been bombarded by night.
Mounted men drew the Boer fire, and it
was intended that the naval guns should
bombard. This, however, the latter fall-
ed to do, owing to some misunderstand-
Ing. and the reconnoltering party was
compelled to flounder back to camp
through the wet and stormy night, march-
ing in mud and water with the greatest
discomfort.
According to the same correspondent a
Chicago, December 26.-A special to
The Record from El Paso says an agent
of the Boer republie is in the city for the
purpose of enlisting men for the war with
Great Britain. He is well supplied with
funds and claimed to have come from
the Transvaal. He reached this city Sat-
urday from San Francisco and his in-
tention was to cross the river into Mexico
and operate from that side of the line.
His purpose might not have been disclos-
ed had he not got into dispute with
an Engilshman and been shot at several
He went to a firm of lawyers,
times.
Turney & Burgess, and engaged them to
Adam Dieter,
prosecute his assailant.
a
Haberkam and Privates
Cakum and Mohrusen. The latter, who
were closely connected with General
Lewten's recent campaigh, bore the cas-
ket from the vault to a six-horsed caisson
waiting at the gate. The funeral pro-
cession was composed of the band of the
Twentieth regiment, General Hall and his
staff, two troops of the Fourth cavalry
who vere with General Lawton at the
ime of his death, a battery of artillery, a
ed with flowers, the personal staff of the
foot;
general, on
Generals Wheeler,
Bates, Forsythe, Kobbe and Sahwan, and
Rear Admiral Watson, in three carriages;
and his staff, the foreign consuls in full
a naval battalion, Major General Otis
dress, and the members of the Philippine
supreme court. Native delegations from
the towns where General Lawton estab-
lished civil governments presented
wreaths. Women from the same towns
waited on Mrs. Lawton yesterday and
presented her with their condolences and
flowers. Crowds of natives and Aineri-
cans witnessed the procession. The band
played dirges and the crowds uncovered.
At Pasig the casket was transferred to
a tug, "taps" was sounded and prayers
were offered by Chaplain Pierce.
Four enlisted pallbearers will accom-
peny the remains to the United States.
who fought with Roosevelt's rough riders,
exhibits a commission as second lieuten- SANTA ANA ATTACKS SUBIG.
ant which was given him by the agent of
the Boers.
similar fate awaited another reconnais- BOER AGENTS ARE STOPPED.
ance in the opposite direction,
"Two detachments," says the cis-
patch, "lost their way in the dark-
ness. They were unable to effect a
junction for attack, they stumbled
into water holes and were out all
night, only to return drenched and
disappointed in the morning."
It is roughly estimated that there are
25,000 Boers between Ladysmith and Co-
lenso, some 49 being on the south side
of the Tugela river. At all points the
enemy shows ceaseless activity.
Recruiting Office in Cincinnati Is
Given Advice.
Cincinnati, December 30.-M. Petit and
Pierre Pierot, of the Boer recruiting of-
fice, made District Attorney Bundy an-
other call today. When asked if they
were enlisting men to fight in a foreign
country, Pierot said he "only looked the
men over" and turned them over to Petit.
The district attorney advised them to,
desist and informed them that they were
running a risk in violating the neutrality
laws. They both left hastily. Pierot
claims that they had the opinion of able
lawyers on the subject and that the dis-
trict attorney was only buling. Bundy
says he means business and will have the
two men watched.
A large number of Americans are said
to be finding their way into the various
volunteer regiments being raised in Cape
Colony. It is also reported that many
Africans are arriving at Delagoa bay,
having been expelled from the rand be-
cause they had refused to work the Jo- TO SOUTH AFRICA WITH MULES
hannesbure mines for the government.
British Destroy Cannon.
London, December 31.-A dispatch to
The Daily Mail from Lorenzo Marques
dated December 29th, says:
"It is reported from Ladysmith, by way
of Pretoria, that the British are destroy-
ing their heavy cannon, prior to a final
sortie. The Transvaal agents here have
bought up all the available milk, sugar
and coffes. They have managed to get
Jarge orders seat for shipment here by
Fresch and German steamers, Prices
S
have advanced
per cent in consequence
and the stocks are very short. Something
like
a famine is threatened, as the Brit
fsh government is stopping all goods con-
Several
signed here from const ports.
Nashville Veterinary Surgeon Given
an Appointment by England.
Nashville, Tenn., December 29.-Dr.
Joseph Plaskett, a veterinary surgeon of
this city, today received a telegram
stating that he had been appointed a
member of the veterinary corps of the
British army. The message comes from
Veterinary Captain Marshall, New
Orieans, and Dr. Plaskett will join him
there at once, whence he will sail on
Monday for South Africa in charge of
a transport load of mules.
at
war
Washington, December 26.-The
department is in receipt of official dis-
patches from Manila which state that
General Santa Ann, with a force of in-
surgents estimated at 300, attacked the
garrison at Subig yesterday. A body of
marines were sent from Olongapo to re-
enforce the garrison, and the Filipinos
were driven back, several being killed.
There were no casualties on the American
side.
A company of the Forty-sixth volunteer
Infantry, together with a contingent of
marines, has been sent from Manila to
re-enforce the Subig garrison still further.
Under today's date, General Otis at
Manila reports some details of engage-
ments with the insurgents following the
death of General Lawton. His dispatch
follows:
"Following recent minor engagements
capture San Mateo December 19th, Gen-
eral Lawton killed.
"Captain Kinan, Twenty-ninth in-
fantry, and
"Lieutenant Breckinridge, Seventh in-
fantry, slightly wounded; four enlisted
men slightly wounded; capture same date
Moneblan; Lieutenant Cotchett, Eleventh
cavalry and six enlisted men wounded,
mostly slight; enemy's casualties heavy.
In northern Zambales, 21st instant, Bell
struck 150 insurgents; killed, wounded an 1
captured twenty-eight and twenty rifles;
Lieutenant Read, Thirty-sixth infantry,
wounded right thigh, moderate. Hughes,
Ilollo, reports Insurgent band attacked
Brownell's company, Twenty-sixth in-
loss in men and twenty-six rifles. Insur-
gents are in Romblon surrendering arms.
Court- Twenty-third instant, Captain Dame,
Thirty-fourth infantry, struck Insurgent
band near Aritao, province Neuva Vis-
caya, killing and wounding fifteen, cap-
turing seven rifles. Lieutenant Meade,
HE BLAMES THE GOVERNMENT. fantry, near Jaro, reprised with heavy
martial.
members of the volksraad meet every
steamer, doubtless to give further orders. Montejo's Defense Before
Portugal is doing her best to maintain
neutrality, but foraign opinion in Lou-
renzo Marques Is Feneral in favor of
actively assisting the Boers to procure
food supplies."
Boers Retire to Colesburg.
London, January 1.-The war ofilce pub-
Ishes this dispatch dated yesterday
from the general officer commanding at
Cape Town: Methuen's position is un-
changed. French reports that the Boers,
fearing their communication would be
eut by our cavalry, have retired to Coles
The hearty looking man who thumps
his chest and says he's sound as a dollar,
does not take into consideration the ca-
tarrh which bothers hin occasionally.
"Oh! every-
body has
more or less
catarrh.
That's noth-
ing," he says.
But he is mis-
taken. What
begins in ca-
tarrh may
end in con-
sumption. It
is a foul dis-
ease at its
best and a fa-
tal disease at
its worst
when it in-
volves the
lung tissues,
For catarrh
and for dis-
eases of the
throat
and
lungs in gen-
eral the standard medicine is Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.
It is recommended by physicians who
have tested its efficacy and wondered
at its cures. It not only destroys the
disease, but it purifies the blood and
strengthens the stomach and organs of
digestion and nutrition.
had
rea
"I
For twelve years I was a sufferer from catarrh
and was treated by one of the best physicians in
the state of North Carolina, who said the trouble
reached my lungs," writes Mr. J. M. Patton,
of Clotho, Transylvania Co., N. C
grew
worse every day until I tried Dr. Pierce's medi-
cines. Will say, one bottle of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery with Dr. Sage's Ca-
tarrh Remedy cured and to-day I am well
and hearty and I will say further that my former
physician, Dr. W. M. Lyday, recommends Dr.
I am
Pierce's medicine to me and to others.
Pure your medicines will cure any case of ca-
Barrh that exists. I recommend them to all."
A Gift. The People's Common Sense
Medical Adviser, 1008 pages, is sent free
on receipt of stamps to cover expense of
mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for the paper covered edition, or 31
Address
stamps for the cloth bound.
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Chicago, December 31.-The Tribune to-
day prints the text of Admiral Montejo's
defense under courtmartial proceedings
for his defeat at Manila. The bulk of
the blame is charged by the admiral not
to himself or his fleet, but to the Spanish
government for its unprepared condition.
He also claims that Admiral Dewey kept
out of range of the Spanish guns--a pro-
ceeding which Montejo refers to as "a
retreat." Montejo says:
"The only preparation that had been
made for war was made by the Ameri-
cans, who were business and arranged
The
everything with pencil and paper.
Initial velocity of our cannon was 510
meters; that of the smallest cannon of
Admiral
cur enemies was meters.
Dewey, with pencil in hand, noted the
thickness of his mantlets and casements,
and knew what energy was required to
penetrate them. He also knew exactly
the weight of the most powerful projec-
tile of our ships, and by a simple mathe-
matical calculation he arrived at the dis-
tance at which he could light without
himself receiving any harm.
Thus he
ascertained that he could fight at a dis-
tance of 2,000 or 2,000 meters with abso-
lute impnuity. The situation, therefore,
was just this: We were vulnerable to
all the projectiles of the enemy, and this
the enemy well knew, while he got out
of reach of our cannon and remained out
of reach all the while."
Montejo adds:
Admiral
"In order to give an idea of our mis-
erable situation I may mention that we
had only fourteen torpedoes for the de-
fense of 2,000 meters of space and that
the cable, which we obtained in Hong
Kong, was only long enough for five tor-
pedoes and, therefore, only five torpedoes
could be placed."
PRICE OF DANISH WEST INDIES
United States Is Said To Be Trading
with King Christian.
London, January 1.-The Copenhagen
correspondent of The Daily Mail says:
The sale of the Danish West Indies to the
United States bids fair to be accom-
plished. The Danish Captain Christmas,
who has influential connections in the
United States and who has secured the
support of President McKinley, Admiral
Dewey and a number of influential Amer-
fean senators, is acting as intermediary
between the two governments, direct of-
ficial communication being impossible for
Denmark after repeated fallures in pre-
vious attempts. For several days an at-
tache of one of the principal United
States embassies has been here, hav-
Ing long Interviews with the Danish min-
ister of finance, Dr. Hoerring, and this
week Captain Christmas will go to Wash-
Ington to assist the publication of an
American official offer. No opposition is
expected from King Christian. The price
has been fixed at $4,000,000."
"All things must have an end," says
the proverb maker. Yes, and all things
that have an end must have two.
Twenty-first infantry, attacked insurgent
outpost near Calamba, 24th instant, kill-
ing five, capturing five rifles. In moun-
tains, southern portion Bataan province,
24th instant, Captain Comfodt, Twenty-
second infantry, struck insurgent band,
wounding four and having
wounded.
one
man
"Major Spence, same regiment,
same locality, captured insurgent
corral with 125 cattle ad ponies.
"Captain Nayson, samo date, attacked
In mountains near Sulig, one man miss-
ing.
OTIS."
A THOUSAND REBELS ROUTED.
Manila, December 27.-Colonel Lockett,
with a force of 2,500, including artillery,
attacked this morning a strong force
of insurgents entrenched in the moun-
tains near Montalbon, about five miles
northeast of San Mateo. The enemy was
completely routed, the Americans pur-
suing them through the hills, amid which
they fled in every direction.
The
Four Americans were wounded.
Filipinos' loss was large, resulting from
a heavy infantry and artillery fire for
three hours into the trenches.
It is supposed that the insurgents were
those who were driven out of San Mateo
on the day General Lawton was killed.
They numbered probably a thousand.
A dozen lines of insurgent trenches cov-
ered the steep trail through the hills and
likewise the valley below, along which
the Americans passed. The main attack-
Ing party consisted of the Forty-sixth
volunteer Infantry, a troop of cavalry
and artillery, Colonel Lockett command-
ing in person. The rest of the command
operated from remote points in an en-
deavor to carry out Colonel Lockett's
plan of throwing his lines around the
enemy and thus cutting off retreat.
The nature of the mountainous country
made it impracticable to execute this
movement successfully. After the insur-
gents began to rua there was a vain at-
tempt to use artillery.
Manila, December 31.-Colonel Lockett
has had a second engagement with the
Insurgents northwest of Montalban, and
by a brilliant charge drove the enemy
from their position. Only one American
officer and five soldiers were wounded, but
the loss of the insurgents was heavy.
Our troops captured a number of rifles.
and a quantity of ammunition and pro-
visions.
UPRISING IN MANILA PLANNED
Manila, December 31.-6:10 p. m.-Four
explosive bombs, a few firearms and 500
rounds of ammunition were discovered
in a house in the center of Manila this
morning, while the police were seeking
Recarte, the insurgent leader, who was
said to have come to Manath the hope
of effecting an outbreak yesterday by
taking advartage of the mobilization of
the American troops at General Lawton's
funeral.
Today it developed that the plot in-
cluded the throwing of bombs among
the foreign consuls attending the ceremo
ny in order to bring about international
These, It
complications.
seems, were
to be thrown from the Escolta's high-
est building, but the avoldance of the
Escolta by the funeral procession spoiled
the plan.
Aguinaldo's Presence Asserted.
The populace, it is thought, had been
prepared for the attempt by a rumor
circulated widely among the natives yes-
terday that Aguinaldo was in Manila and
would personally lead the outbreak. The
American authorities having been advised
of what was brewing, prepared for all
contingencies,
Captain Morrison, who commands the
troops in the most turbulent district of
the city, says he does not belleve an
actual uprising will ever occur, as the
natives lack the resolution to take the
first steps in a movement that would en-
tail fighting at close quarters with the
American troops.
ly.
An Amerlean advance in Cavite prov-
ince, south of Manila, is expected short-
Reliable reports from native spies
show that there are upward of 2,000 or-
ganized insurgents' under arms within a
mile of Imus. They are strengthening
their intrenchments and possess artillery.
Filipinos Well Intrenched.
the
At Novaleta,
ments have been much strengthened since
General Schwan's advance. A thousand
of the enemy are in the vicinity and there
are 600 at San Francisco de Malabon.
From twelve to a hundred garrison all
the towns in the southern part of Cavite
province and the same may be said of the
A series of art les he has written on
the subject for southern and northern
papers have attracted a great deal of at-
tention among moneyed men of the north
and west, and he has received a grea:
number of letters on the subject, among
them being one from Havemeyer, the
New York sugar king, and another from
a capitalist who is connected with the
The
beet sugar industry in Michigan.
latter gentleman said that capitalists in
his section would not for a moment con-
sider any proposition to come south and
engage in cotton raising, but that if the
would invest in the raising of sugar cane,
figures given by him are correct they
and the manufacture of sirup and sugar.
one of his articles the judge stated
that the sugar beet requires close culti
vation, the average being about an acre
to the family, while cane requires very
little cultivation, and has yielded in more
than one instance in this county 600 gal-
lons of sirup to the acre, which at 15
cents-a moderate price-would give $120
gross return.
one-half galions per year to each person.
This means an ordinary sized tumbler fun
each day. The average dairy cow gives 350
to supply fourteen persons provided it is
ail used as mik,
The dairy experts state that milk
should be cooled soon after coming from.
the cow, otherwise it is likely to sour
quickly and may produce ptomaine pois-
oning. New York city consumes over 700,-
wo quarts of muk per day.
Ten years ago 10 per cent of the pork
used in the guif states was shipped from
the west. Since 1830, nowever, there has
been a rapid mcrease in the number of
hogs raised and a corresponding decrease
in the living expenses of those who raise
their own suppies. Raising nogs for the
market has been very prontable when
rigny managed. The nog is often caned
"une mortgage lifter" of the great corn
belt from Ono to Kansas. The southern
states can produce corn almost as cheap-
ly as the most favored regions of the
west.
Dyspepsia-"My husband doctored
a long time for dyspepsia with only tem
porary relief. The first bottle of Hood's
Sarsaparilla helped and the second cured
him.
It cured my sick headaches."
Mrs. Mary A. Clark, Wilmington, Vt.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Never Disappoints
Hood's Pills cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla
RODS for treasure seekers, guaranteed; circular
free. Texas Rod Co., Box 184, Dallas, Tex.
LADIES, TRY PILLS, Box Free, MRS.
B. ROWAN, MILWAUKEE, WIS.
A great deal of valuable information is
contained in the pamphiet on breeds of
hogs and the proper kind of feed for them.
The Plymouth Rock is suggested as
about the best kind of fowl to raise, They
and make
are good layers, mature early, and
excellent broilers in from two to twelve
months. Then there
ere are Brahmas, Lang-
sans, Leghorns, Minorcas and Dorkings.
Dorking is one of the oldest domestic
fowls. It is believed that it was carried Ladies BOX FREE. Dr. F. MAY, Bloom-
to England by the Romans.
The
It will well repay every farmer to read
this pamphlet, which can be obtained by
addressing the vice president of the Cen-
tral at Savannah.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
All druggists are authorized by the
manufacturers of PAZO OINTMENT to
refund the money where it fails to cure
any case of piles, no matter how long
standing. Cu
Cures ordinary cases in six
days, the worst cases in fourteen days.
One
application gives ease and rest. Re-
lieves itching instantly.
This is a new discovery and is the only
pile remedy
sold
on a positive guarantee,
no cure no pay. Price 50 cents.
PATENTS
FRANKLIN H. HOUGH, Washington,
D. C. No attorney's fee until patent fe
obtained. Write for Inventor's Guide
Our Monthly Regulator never fails.
ington, Ill.
AGENTS-Meltrailleuse gaslight burners.
Also gasoline gas lamps without man-
tles. Morey, LaGrange, Ill.
HIGH CLASS trees of all adapted sorts;
G. L.
freight prepaid; catalogue free
Taber, Glen St. Mary Nurseries, Glen St.
Mary, Fla.
SENT FREE.
Unitarian Literature will be sent free to any
one wishing to read it. Apply to Box 1, Chest-
nut Hill, Massachusetts.
New gives
If your druggist don't keep it in stock DROPSY reef and cures worse
we will forward same by mail.
enses. Send for hook of testimonials and 10 days'
Manufactured by Paris Medicine Co., treatment free. Dr. H.H.Green's Sons, box G,Atlanta.
St. Louis, Mo.
FAMINE HELP COSTS MILLIONS.
OPIUME
and Liquor Habit cured in 10
to 20 days. No pay till cured.
Write DR. J. L. STEPHENS CO.,
Dept. W4, Lebanon, Ohio.
and OPIUM HABITS CURED
painless,
home treatment. FREE TRIAL will convince
you. OPA SPECIALTY CO., 88 Lees Building,
Chicago, Ill.
MORPHINE uaranteed.
Are Being Fed.
Calcutta, December 29.-Almost 3,000,000
The
persons are receiving famine relief.
government is spending nearly two lakhs
It is estimated that the
of rupees daily.
cost of the relief to the end of March
will be crores of rupees. Owing to the
rapid increase in the numbers of people
seeking rellef, the viceroy, Lord Curzon Adáress J. H. REEVES, Box 695, New York, N. Y.
of Kedleston, invites a closer scrutiny of
the claims of the applicants.
Twenty dollars per acre he considers a In India Almost 3,000,000 People
liberal allowance for all expenses, leav-
ing $100 per acre net profit, which spells
prosperity, while 5 and 6-cent cotton
means ruin. His articles show that the
saccharine coefficient of south Georgia
cane is much larger than that of Louis-
lana, and he accounts for this by stating
that Louisiana cane is grown on low,
marshy land, where an excess of mois
ture is taken up in growth. His investi-
gations have shown that south Florida
I cane is richer in saccharine matter than
any known, three gallons of juice yield-
ing one gallon of sirup of standard densi-
ty; the cane of this portion of the state
runs about six gallons of juice to one of
sirup. He says that he has some mush
sugar, of which he expects to carry a sam-
ple on his next trip to Savannah to show
the sugar men what it is like. This mush
sugar is richer in saccharine matter than
any other form of crude sugar, and its
yield in refining is correspondingly high.
During the war the judge learned to
make a good quality of white sugar with
only a very slight brown sugar taste.
The sirup was bolled until it "blubbered"
all over, showing that it had reached the
point of crystallization, when a certain
amount of fresh well water was added.
This caused a second scum to rise, which
when skimmed off left a perfectly pure
Capture of Corbett.
Columbia, S. C., December 30.-(Special.)
John Quincy Corbett, a white man sixty
years old, who last June brutally as-
saulted a nine-year-old negro child in
Sumter county, and has since defied ar-
rest, was captured in Sumter today. Cor-
bett has been in the woods of Sumter
and Kershaw, but was driven in by the
cold. He was staying with friends in
Sumter when surprised and secured by
the sheriff before he could shoot.
Woman Shoots Young Man.
Gadsden, Ala.. December 29.--(Special.)
Gus Lister, son of Sheriff Lister, was
shot in the hand this afternoon by Mrs.
Gus Davis. Lister and young Beachem
were disorderly and Mr. Davis broke a
chair over their heads and put them out
Filipino intrench-saccharine solution, and this gave a white of his house and went after the police.
towns in Batangas province.
The provinces of North Camarines and
South Camarines hold quantities of hemp
which the people cannot market. As a
sugar. He afterwards learned that the
loaf sugar in universal use forty years
ago was made in precisely the same man-
ner. He asserted that this was not caus-
ed by lime or other mineral properties of
the water acting as a clarifying agent,
as he had used rain water with the same
success.
While he was absent, Lister and Reachem
returned to the house and cursed and
slapped Mrs. Davis, whereupon she shot
PILES
ELECTROBOLE gives instant
relief. Final cure in a few days,
never returns; no purge, no salve,
no knife. Remedy mailed Free.
STRAWBERRY GROWERS
Should send for handsomely illustrated pamph-
let to W. L. Glessner, Commissioner of Immi-
gration, Macon, Ga.
WANTED-Men to learn barber trade; two
months completes; no expense if you will
work for us; $60 monthly paid; new oppor-
tunity for our graduates; catalogue and par-
ticulars mailed free. Moler Barber College,
St. Louis, Mo.
$75
GOLDOMETOR in pocket case for
hunting minerals. Gold and silver;
also rods and needles; circular 2c.
B. G. Stauffer, Dept. A. C., Har-
risburg, Pa.
MONTH AND EXPENSES: no ex-
perlence needed; position permanent;
self seller. Send 20 stamp for contract
Pease Mfg. Co,. P.o. Box 83, Cincinnati O.
The Whole Illustrated.
Lister with a 38-Smith & Wesson pistol. World
All were arrested.
Bryan Will Visit New York.
New York, December 31.-The Press to-
morrow will say that William Jennings
As to the future of the melon growing
industry, once a remunerative
Bryan, upon the occasion of his visit to
south Georgia, he declared it is practical- New York within the next month, will
one for
Thousands of interesting
views in all cities and countries, for Stere
opticon exhibitions. Paying business for
men with little capital. Particulars and
256 page Magle Lantern book free.
MCALLISTER, Mfg. Optician, 49 Nassau St., N. Y
1427
Silk Fringe Cards, Love, Transparent, s
cort & Acquaintance Cards, New Pussies,
New Games, Premium Articles, &c. Finers
Sample Book of Visiting & Hidden Name
Cards, Blegest Catalogue. Send 2e stamp
for all. olio CARD CO., CADIZ, OHIO.
CARDS
consequence the population in that part ly a thing of the past. With the state of be the guest of Dr. John Girdner, of this Botanical vous Debility, Impotence, Weak
of Luzon is suffering from lack of foods Texas one great melon field, and reaching city. During his visit to the city a dinner
Rice now costs four times its normal
price.
It is estimated that 1,000 insurgents are
intrenched at Calamoa.
Reports have been received that 2,000
insurgents are massed at Mount Arayatt,
having strong positions which command
steep and narrow trails, and that they are
prepared to roll bowlders down upon ad-
vancing troops.
confiscations
Positively cures all diseases-Ner-
the great cities of the middle west on a will be given in his honor by O. H. P. Physician Men, etc. India Herb Tonic, suf-
rate of from forty to fifty dollars per car Belmont.
less than we can command, the industry
is doomed. This is borne out by .all in-
formation obtainable; very few melons SOLD ON. TRIAL
will be planted in this section next
season.
The deep interest being shown in the
subject by northern capitalists as well as
those of Savannah and other south
by
encouraged
Georgia towns has greatly
the judge in his hopes for the develop-
ment of the sugar industry with its im-
mense possibilities for the state and the
south.
South
piece of advice he gave in a
local
paper some months ago has been
adopted pretty generally, and has proved
of great benelit; it was that the juice as
it came from the mill should be strained
through a filter of gray moss, which
takes out solid partleles and clarifies it.
One
Country Roads Patrolled.
Life along the coast of the provinces
of Cagahan and north and south Ilocos
is resuming normal condition, The Amer-
ican troops occupy the important towns.
and patrol the country roads. The na-
tives Implore the Americans to continue
the occupation, to establish a settled
government and to terminate the uncer-
that
tainty, abuses and
have characterized the rule of the Tagale
revolutionists during the last eighteen
months. Vast amounts of tobacco, esti-
mated to be worth $2,000,000, are ready
for shipment to Manila. The opening of
the ports of Dagupan, San Fernando,
Vigan, Laoag and Aparri tomorrow will
permit the resumption of trade, bringing EGAN TALKS OF DAIRY FARMS
relief to communities greatly in need
of foodstuffs. Many vessels have already
been cleared from Banila for these ports.
declai
Incoming Spanish prisoners
that Aguinaldo has ordered the release
of all Spaniards now in possession of the
rebels. The mountain passes of Cayagan
and the two Ilocos provives are still
guarded, in the hope of catching the in-
surgent general, Tinio, who is still a
igitive. It is asserted that Lieutenant
Glimore is in Tinfo's custody.
How To Use Coffee Without Its
Hurting You.
The aromatic oil and Tannic acid in
coffee is what disagrees with the stom-
ach and produces nervousness. These ob-
jectionable ingredients only give fiavor
to the coffee and have nothing to do with
its stimulating and exhilarating effect.
Grove's Concentrated Coffee Tablets
contain in a concentrated form all the ac-
tive principles of coffee without the two
objectionable ingredients which irritate
the stomach thus producing Sour Stom-
ach, Dyspepsia and Nervousness. Use
these tablets in place of coffee and these
troubles will disappear.
Belleving that when tried every coffee
and tea drinker will not only continue to
use these tablets, but will recommend
them to their friends, we have decided
to introduce them by sending for 30 days.
a 25e package free by mail to any one
who will write for them. Address the
Paris Medicine Co., St. Louis, Mo.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund money if it fails to cure.
25c. E. W. Grove's sig. is on each box.
VICE PRESIDENT OF CENTRAL
ISSUES PAMPHLET.
Book Is Intended to Place Before the
Farmer Valuable Information
in Accessible Shape.
Vice President J. M. Egan, of the Cen-
tral railway, has just published an in-
teresting pamphlet entitled "Facts for the
Farmers."
This pamphlet treats at length of the
dairy herd, its formation and manage-
ment; milk, with fifty dairy rules; hog
raising in the south; chickens, the kind
that should be raised; cotton seed and
Its products. The matter was obtained
largely from the government agricultural
department at Washington.
In
Mr. Egan is a great believer in dairy-
ing as a source of profit to Georgia
farmers. For the past two or three years.
he has been very much interested in de-
veloping dairies along the Central.
the first article on "The Dairy Herd" It
is stated that the cattle must be good.
and of the quality sulted to the work.
The farm should be specially adapted to
the branch of husbandry in view. A good
Purchased Valuable Mineral Lands.
dairy farm is pretty certain to be a good
Knoxville, Tenn., December 27.-(Spe- farm for other uses, but many good farms
clal.)-A party of Ohio and Pennsylvania in general are not suited to dairying. The
John Hammond.
capitalists, headed by
FILIPINOS TURNED BANDITS.
of Philadelphia,
today purchased 3,300 character of the accessible markets and
acres of oil mineral and timber lands, the means of communication should be
Manila, December 29, 10:10 p. m.-The in-
surgents who evacuated the coast towns near Allegheny, in the mountains of east carefully studied.
Tennessee. The property will be devel-
between Dagupan and Vigan, fleeing to oped and oil wells will be sunk. It is
the mountains before the advancing rich in oil, although it has never been
Americans, are returning in small bands developed. It is not given out how much
was paid for the property.
to the towns the Americans do not occu-
py, terrorizing the natives and Chinamen
who showed friendship for the Ameri-
cans. The natives and Chinese are seeking
the protection of the American garrisons. A grandnephew and a grandniece of Gen-cows of the line of breed desired seem to
Colonel Wessel's cavalry, while scout-eral Robert E. Lee dined with 500 other be the most profitable for the practica!
ing in the vicinity of Trinidad, found evi- poor children of Charleston at one big dairy, or at least the best to begin with.
It is better to pay $300 for three excellent
dence of Filipino soldiers being in that table in Masonic temple yesterday.
They are the children of Henry Lee, cows than to pay the same for four good
vicinity, but it was impossble to bring who recently came to this state with his
cows or five which are only fair.
Good
about an engagement.
family from Virginia in search of work.
The recent increase in the garrison of The boy is twelve years old and is named dairy cows deserve good care. Much de-
pends on the milker. An expert will get
Namacpacan against a theatrical rebel at-after the great southern chieftain.
Related to Robert E. Lee.
Columbla, S. C., December 29.-(Special.)
The farmer need not seek far to find
the best kind of cows for milk or butter
making, or the best for the cream trade.
Dairymen are advised not to buy at once
a full stock of fullbred cattle of any
breed, as that would require a large in-
vestment; well bred and well selected
Buy no incubator and pay
for it before alving it a
trial. Many people have lost
faith in Incubators because they
bought one that was never in-
tended to hatch chickens- mere-
ly to sell. Premier Incubator
Our new
is sold subject to your approval,
A child can run them. We are also sole manufac-
turers of Simplicity Incubator. Catalogue and
Poultry Helps, 5c. Poultry House Plans, 25c.
Columbia Inc. Co., 24 Hanover St., Dela-
war City, Del.
$5.9
A $3500 Watch
in appearance, and the best GENUINE GOLD
FILLED watch in the world for the money.
Double hunting case, stem wind and stem set,
superbly engraved. STANDARD
AMERICAN ruby jeweled move
ment absolutely guaranteed for
25 YEARS
Cut this out and send it to us with
your name and address and wa
will send the watch to you by ex-
press for examination, you ex-
amine it at the express office and it
as represented pay express agent
our special Introductory price,
85.95, and it is yours. Only one
watch to each customer at this price. Mention in your letter
whether you want GENTS' OR LADIES' SIZE and order to-day as
we will send out samples at this reduced price for 60 days only.
R. E. CHALMERS & CO. 352-356 Dearborn St. Chicago.
WANTED Party to represent us in this vicinity
having acquaintance with people having money to
invest in a highly profitable business. A large in-
come to one with ability. Address I. M. Miller, No.
11 Broadway, New York.
Save on BLANKETS, etc., by buy
Carriages
HARNESS, ROBES,
ing of the makers. Send for
free illustrated catalogue.
Columbus Garriage
& Harness Co.,
Columbus, O.
GEORGIA AND FLORIDA
If you want a farm in Georgia or Florida,
send for price list and descriptive literature to
W. L. Glessner, Commissioner of Immigration,
Macon, Ga.
GREAT
stamps. Dr. A. B. Livingstone, Station 50, Boston, Masa,
and Whiskey Habits
cured at home with-
out pain. Book of par-
ticulars sent FREE.
B.M.WOOLLEY, M.D.
Atlanta, Ga. Office 104 N. Pryor St.
OPIUM
or contagious Blood
Poison, producing cop-
per colored spots, pim-
ples, sore throat, aches,
old sore, ulcers, hair falling, etc., quickly, positively
and forever cured without the use of Mercury by the
wonderful HERBALIS COMPOUND. Full infor
mation and a bottle for trial sent free of charge to all
sufferers. Address, Prof. F. C. FOWLER,Moodus,Conn.
SYPHILIS
MAGIC DIP NEEDLE
For locating Gold and Silver Ore,
Lost or Hidden Treasures. Circa-
lar and testimonials free.
P. & M. AGENCY, Palmyra, Pa.
$3a Day Sure
Send us your address
and we willshow you
how to make $3 aday
absolutely sure; we
furnish the work and teach you free; you work in
the locality where you live. Send us your address and we will
explain the business fully: remember we guarantee a clear pro-
fit of $3 for every day's work, shsolutely sure, write at once.
ROYAL MANUFACTURING CO., Box 28. DETROIT, MICH
CURES SYPHILIS
A trial treatment sent free to all who suffer with Syphilis
mucous patches in the mouth, sore throat, copper color
ed spots, chancres, ulcerations, falling hair, etc. Addres
State Medical Institute, 149 Elektron Building, Fort
Wayne, Ind. to-day for a free trial package.
Chichester's English Diamond Braz&.
PENNYROYAL PILLS
Original and Only Genuine.
SAFE, always reliable. LADIES
Druggist for Chichester's English Dia-
mond Brand in Red and Gold metallic
boxes, sealed with bine ribbon. Take
no other. Refuse dangerous substit
tions and imitations. At Druggists, or send &
in stamps for particulars, testimonials and
"Rellef for Ladies," in letter, by return
Mail. 10,000 Testimonials. Hes Paper
Calchester Chemical Co., Madison Sque
Sold by all Local Druggists
PHILADA PA
BARGAINS S100DIN GOLD FREE
IN CUNS!
RIFLES and SHOTGUNS,
REVOLVERS and PISTOLS,
$2.00 to $60.00
1.50 to 10.00
Full line of Keives, Razors, Selnes, Nets, Tents, Ammu-
nition, Loaded Shells, Powder, Dynamite, etc. Send 3
cents in stamps for 75 page catalogue and save 25 per at.
ALEX. L. SEMPLE & CO.
Louisville, Ky.
455 W. Main St.
$585
Im.
17 JEWELED
adjusted, patent regulator, stetn wind and
stem set, genuine
NATIONAL SPECIAL
movement. Ladies' or Gents' size.
WARRANTED 20 YEARS. 14K.
Gold plate hunting case,elegantly
engraved. Fit for a king No better
watch made. Must be seen to be
appreciated Special offer for next
60 days, send your full name and
address and we will send this
watch C.O.D. with privilege to ex-
amine. If found satisfactory pay
agent 5.85 & express charges.
A guarantee and beautiful chain &
charm sent free with every watch.
Write at once as this may not appear
again. NAT'L MFG. & IMPORTING CO.
834 Dearborn St., B 338, Chicago, Ill.
PEOPL
Each one of the above three lines of figures spel!
the name of a great city in the United States. This
is a brand new puzzle and can be solved with a little
study, as follows: There are twenty-six letters in the
alphabet, and we have used figures in spelling the
cities instead of letters. Letter A is number 1, B
number 2, C number 3, etc., throughout the entire
alphabet. IF YOU CAN SPELL OUT
THESE THREE CITIES YOU MAY
SHARE IN THE DISTRIBUTION OF
$1,000 WHICH WE ARE GIVING
SAWAY for doing a li. le work for us. This you
can do in less than one heir of your time. This and
other most liberal offers are de to introduce one of
the very best New York mag ines into every home
in the United States and Canada. WE DO NOT
WANT ONE CENT OF YOUR MONEY.
When you have made out the names of these three
cities, write them plainly on a postal card and send
it to us, and you will hear from us promptly BY
RETURN MAIL. It may take an entire even-
ing to solve the three names, but STICK TO IT
AND TRY TO GET YOUR SHARE OF
THE $1,000. A copy of this high-class ONE
DOLLAR MAGAZINE WILL BE SENT
FREE to everyone answering this advertisement.
Do not delay. Send your answer in immediately.
Address ROBINSON PUBLISHING CO.,
24 North William Street, New York City.
