THE DAILY ALASKAN, NEW YEAR'S EDITION, 1900
Aurora Borealis of
Life on the Trail.
Growth and Popularity of the Arctic Brotherhood.
tue words "Arctic
aver,
bedr
are W. H. Blackwell, Thos. W. Farns-
worth, the first Arctic Chief, Ernest
Miller and his brother, August H. Miller,
Major Strickland, of the Northwest mount-
SKAGWAY WOMEN.
NE of the most flattering incidents
of the reception given to the Amer-
ican members of the Joint High Com-
mission and United States Senators last
summer, in the large pavilion erected by
the Chamber of Commerce for the. Fur-
When the wearied Yukoner comes in on
pose, was their expressions of surprise
the evening train, the first thing to strike
at the fashionable evening toilettes of
his eye is the warm glow from the win-
the Skagway women present. What is
dows of the Arctic Brotherhood Club, just ed police, and G. O. Rinearson. They were more pleasing is the fact that the com-
across the way from the depot. It looks the original suggestors of the movement,
to him, especially if he is a member of the and at the first meeting they added to their pliment came from women of the leading
numbers Dr. A. H. Bryant, the real estate society of the United States, the wives
brotherhood, like comfort, civilization, dealer; Dr. Mahlon F. Hall, Charles E. and friends of the distinguished visitors,
home. And what member, or what Alas- Moody, banker; Ernest Peck, lawyer;
kan, for that matter, but must feel proud Harrie B. Thacher, who was the first Camp For it is true that a man is an unreliable
of such an institution and its home. For Recorder; James A. Nettles, W. A. Miller critic in such mitters, and although the
and Captain E. W. Johnston. Of these there
the large handsome building on Broadway are now resident in Skagway and as active softer sex "dress and array themselves
that bears on the transom over its doors members of the organization, as they were in all the modest pride that Art invents
Brotherhood' is un- at its inception, the Miller Brothers, who her beauty to improve," for the express
were the first Aretic guides over the new-
doubtedly the handsomest club-building in ly-blazed trail; W. H. Blackwell and James purpose of pleasing and attracting the
au alasaa, and even in the Pacific North- A. Nettles, the first Trail Blazer elected sterne. sex, yet the latter sees only the
west there is probably no social organiza- by the Order. The credit for the title of eneral effects, and never troubles him-
Aretic Brotherhood is due to Major Strick-
live that large and comfortable a land. The Skagway Camp has long been self as to how they are produced.
a parent and is really the Grand Camp of The compliment was as well-deserved
club house will long remain one of the order, although not yet formally or-
thements to the open-handed ganized as such. It has already establish- as it was flattering. With the prosperity
tual warned the early settica ed prosperous camps at Bennett, Tagish, of the first winter in mind, the men who
Juve alter the organization Atlin, Dawson, Circle City and Juneau. had roughed it in bachelor dirt and dis-
Which of the members, bro. Cap Of the membership of these camps there is
scuted it with a no recent record at hand, but it can be order sent for their wives and families;
wowania cu bandag safely estimated that its rosters would homes were built for them and other
inted one is place the total number of members of the families followed. Prosperity continu-
sus cavill, typical in every order at from one thousand to fifteen
wat te ia tae interior. But aundred. And all this has been accom-ing, the wives and grown daughters bc-
B.o. Caplam A Ving. plished since March last. The camps at gan to wear its outward and visible signs.
Victoria and gave to Bennett, Tagish and Atlin were personally
CORD 20,000 feet of fine build- established by the first Arctic Chief, Thom- Where "any old thing" seemed to be
good enough in the beginning the femi-
ITS MUSEUM FEATURES.
inine mind began to ponder upon and
The Brotherhood's building at this port desire the latest fashionable fads and
Pan who placated an adjoining lot, so is two stories high and measures thirty
that use might be erected on feet by ninety. Of this the lodge room fancies. Then came, according to the
scate in aceping with the rapid growth of takes up twenty-nine and a half feet by natural laws of supply and demand, the
tae city. For every member of the Brother-sixty, the full two stories in height. Then
hood is a arm bellever in the future of there is the wide entrance hall and the firm of J. S. Graham, which started first
Sanghay, and its rapidly growing im spacious reception and reading room be- on Fourth avenue but some time later
portance as the great seaport for all the fore referred to, and three dressing rooms. had to seek larger quarters and is now
Above these is a wide balcony for the or-
Thus it was that the plans of the pro-chestra, composed of members, which dis- well-established in the Kelly block.
posed to be were continually chaug courses sweet music throughout the work This firm is the only one in the city that
ing to keep up with the development taat of the ritual, and emphasizes its solemnity devotes itself entirely to what is called
was taking place, walle the plans were or gives the signal for seemly mirth. A
still under discussion. Even after the eree-quartette of male voices also occupies the "ladies' furnishings" but it also carries
tion of the Dunding was fairly under way balcony during the lodge meetings. Back a large stock, constantly renewed, of the
the pians were often modined. The gift oi of this balcony and fronting on Broad-
tae sumber aid away with the log cabin way is a large room intended for billiards latest fashions in cloaks and tailor made
idea, so far as tae use of logs was con- and a sleeping apartment for the house suits and hats. That our women appre
cerned, but some members sul clung to steward. The whole building is completely ciate this and are able to keep themselves
the idea, and to meet their views it was furnished in excellent taste, and is just
determined to give the front elevation the beginning to receive those interesting and well in the van of fashion's rapid march,
sembiance of a log structure, and to this home-like touches which could only have is shown by the fact that a Chicago poet
been given by personal gifts to it of Alaska
relics, Indian curios, mineralogical speel-some months ago tuned his lyre to the
The truly rural idea was permitted to mens, furs, art work in gnarled branches tune of "The Grey Goose Quill." The
extend no turtaer, however, and waen the of trees, pictures and books and so on. ladies of Skagway had been wearing the
un-
club house has
Brotaernood entertained their first guests This handsome
at the housewarming on the 24th of Sep- doubtedly been an important factor in the grey goose quill in their hats for weeks
tember, when all Skagway was invited, rapid growth of the order. Members trav- before that poem appeared.
and nearly all attended, the inconsistency eling to the interior find in it a home of
of a log cabin front with massive oaken comfort where they can spend their hours
doors, and wide windows of the finest of waiting in reading, writing, playing
piate, and electire ligats flaring out a games, greeting old acquaintances and
Welcome, were very apparent. They were forming new ones. It is the place of all
more so in the interior, for the reception places, before its glowing open replace,
room was found to be as sumptuously ap- to swap "bad luck stories," to recount the
pointed as that of any ciub in the large hardships gone through before the enjoy-
cities. The oid idea of a quaint sort of a ment of such luxury was reached. On the we
bunk house whica should be unique and visitors' book of the club there are al-
Ing. These two
acts of ber-as W. Farnsworth.
acuated the generosity of still
auvier member, Biotuer F. 2.
commerce of tuis vast Nortaiand.
end it was covered with siabs.
RECORD FOR POSTERITY.
Wood-
KAUFMAN BROS.
"
The Pacific Coast Co.. Owner and Operator of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company
THE ELEGANT STEAMERS
COTTAGE CITY,"
"CITY OF TOPEKA"
and "AL-KI"
This Company's Steamers Arrive on Time and Leave on Time, Every Five
Days, Plying Between Puget Sound Points and Skagway.
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's Steamers for San Francisco
Close Connection with all Trans-Continental Railroads.
Regular U. S. Mail and Alaska Express Line
Courteous Treatment and Splendid Meals
For Further Information see the Company's Agent,
FRANK W. WHITE, Broadway, Skagway
H. F. ROBINSON, Alaska Supt., Juneau, Alaska.
HIGHER EDUCATION.
J. F. TROWBRIDGE, Puget Sound Supt.. Seattle Wash.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., General Agents, San Francisco, Cal
opened up the college in temporary quar-
ters at the corner of Eighth and Main
Streets. Now some fifty students are ad-
vancing rapidly and under as good chances
as they could in any school in the United
States.
Three years ago one would never have Mrs. E. S. V. McComb, the preceptress
pposed that there would ever be any of the primary department, is an accom-
ready many pages of names, and the writ- HE name of Kaufman Bros, is as a onnection between the supposed barren plished lady, and is a graduate of Michi-
ers of every one of these autographs will
heartily join with the Daily Alaskan in
wishing the Brotherhood "A Happy New
entresy typical of the early days here.
had been entirely dissipated by the large
infusion of new members, wao argued taat,
as the building was bound to beco.ne ais-
torical, it would be wiser to snow in Year."
that the pioneers were men of taste anc
cuiture and artistic skill, and certainly the
Brotherhood, in the decoration of the in-
terior of its club bulding and in all its
appointments, has written over its als
tais record for poste
mony of colorin
rece
eleg
har
t
0.
rt
MOORE'S WHARF.
Moore's Wharf is often referred to as
ae of the greatest investments in South-
handing it would be
It
right yet harmonious colored, nam
Treadwell ine
use of this it will be possible to lift heavy
Thousehold word" in Alaska, tinction between the supposed her, or plished lady, y
any other kind of education, except in a Mrs. L. Gordon, wife of the president,
missionary way to the tribes of Indians has also begun a kindergarten class in con-
located here and there.
nection with the collegiate school. Mrs.
Alaska of today and then are two dif- Gordon graduated at Piedmont College,
rent countries; then bleak, barren, al- Cumming, Ga., the first school in the
Bost unknown; but now Uncle Sam's most United States that Dr. Gordon presided
Taluable territory, and possessing as flour-over.
the
brothers having come from Olympia an
established themselves in Juneau year
and years ago. There their store is
feature of the principal street and is
leading store in its liue in the city.
brochers have done much the same thi
here. Very early in 1898, in fact as sog
as the town showed any reliable signs
permanency, S. G. and I. Kaufman can
town and secured premises in
as then the only business blo
roadway
com-
hing elties and towns as any other part Parents now have no excuse to send their
of his domain. From transient mining children below. Higher education has got
camps have sprung permanent cities with its start in Alaska, and the magnificent na-
elegant homes, and every appliance that tive granite building now nearly
modern ingenuity could give has been pleted will be the pride of Skagway and
utHized. With all this came the necessity Alaska. It will lead to other high schools
for schools and to keep our boys and girls at Juneau, Dawson and other points, and
at home instead of sending them to the Skagway College will be the graduating
outh became a vital issue.
Tom-trosPay J. Walters, Ph. D.,
slons by the M. E. Church, and Seege
needs of the people, he at once seized the
opportunity, and together with a few not-
able citizens-Dr. 1. H. Moore, Messrs.
Whiting, Sengfelder, Burnham, Shorthill,
Brownell, Dr. Niskern, Hayne and a few
others, a good subscription list was gotten
up and the foundation stone of the first
parts.
centre.
FURNITURE MAKER.
During the first year of Skagway's his-
But they are not sufficient in
themselves to make a home. After the
would come first, the goods, and particularly to all the dai
The Brotherhood has grown even morette Pass & Yukon Railway second and fabrics with which woman is wont t
thall Skagway itself. It only started last Mocre's Wharf third. The two latter are
Spring, with about a dozen charter mem-closely allied, as the wharf is the termi-adoru herself, the Kaufman brothers
bers, yet its roster today carries nearly nus of the railroad, and goods can be soon built up a large trade. Their prem-
500 members with a number of initiations taken from the vessel and placed in the
at every weekly meeting; therefore it is cars on the other side of the wharf. Very ises were too small. They enlarged them.
bound to be the most powerful organiza- soon the railroad company will have in They were still too small, and they pur- collegiate school in Alaska was laid by
tion in Alaska. Its membership includes
the Governor and the Judge of the United operation a large steam crane, and by the chased a piece of property on Fifth ave- Dr Kellogg of Oregon, in the presence of tory nearly every man who remained the
States Distilet Court and other Alaskan freight from the steamer's hold directly nue on which to build the largest store a large concourse of people from all major portion of that time had reaped a
success at least sufficiently large to justi-
ociais, oicers of the United States army on to the cars standing on the tracks. It of its kind in Alaska. But there was some
The founders, regularly organized as a fy him in sending for his family and mak-
and navy, many of the best known Klon-
is possible, also, that a track will be laid
dikers, the leading lawyers, doctors and along the sea front of the wharf to further trouble about a fraction of the property board of trustees, named the institution ing this his permanent home. Homes in-
thereaants of Skagway, majors, inspectors facilitate trans-shipment.
purchased, or which they intended to McCabe College," after Bishop C. C. Mc-numerable sprung up everywhere, in the
and privates of tae Canadian police and
The Moore's Wharf Company has al-
Methodist Episcopal Church in Alaska than builders, carpenters, house painters and
Gtaer British born. For the order is en-
ways shown its enterprise in planning for purchase, and building operations have be, D. D., who has done more for the busy city and in its quiet suburbs, and
tirely non-political, and whatever the
the future and making large outlays in ad- not yet been begun. Both brothers are any other man. It being Important that paper hangers were soon reaping a rich
American or the Canadian may individ-
vance of present requirments, and time members of the Chamber of Commerce, work should begin in the fall of '99, the harvest.
uany think of the Alaska boundary ques-
aas proved the soundness of its judgment.
ton, he cannot fail to notice in the lodge Last year the company spent about $50,- aud Mr. I. Kaufman is also an energetic, M., and B. Sc., of Oxford University and house is completed it needs furniture to
room the Stars and Stripes and the Union 00 in construction work alone, all in prep- member of Hook and Ladder Co. No. 1. Aberdeen, Scotland, as the first president. make it a home. And so great was the de-
Dr. Gordon, who was president of the mand for furniture that E. R. Peoples felt
Jack entwined, with the motto connect-aration for the great travel we had through
M. E. Seminary at Du Pont, Ga., was noti- justified in starting a manufactory to meet
ing them: "No Boundary Line Here."
this port last season, and in full confl-
fied, and, with his family, arrived in Skag-it. That his venture has proven a success
way on September 14th, and on the 19th is substantially shown by the fact that his
business buildings now occupy such a
large piece of ground and that he is again
considering the advisability of enlarging.
The salesrooms and sample rooms are
50x50 feet, and the manufacturing depart-
ment occupies two floors of a building ad-
Joining of 75x25 feet. In this latter de-
partment ten workmen are employed, who
turn out all kinds of upholstery and wood-
work, from the latest styles of drawing
room luxury to the more necessary kitchen
table.
BEAUTY OF ITS RITUAL.
dence that there would be this large traf-
Not only in mere membership has the or- de. The company is sometimes unfavorably
ganization so rapidly grown, but the char-referred to as a foreign corporation, for
which there is no basis except that some
acter of it has gradually changed as more
men of high attainments joined and took of its shareholders reside in London; but
an interest in its work. It was, for in- it has certainly proven itself to be more
stance, when stated, little, if anything. American than most American investors.
a.ore than an association for mere amuse- in the abiding faith it has shown as to the
Since then, however, men of certain growth and coming importance of
thoughtful minds have been more promi- Skagway.
Beat in its counsels; men too, who were The company is now cozapleting still
high up in other secret orde:s, and under further important Improvements, all un-
the stimulation of this influence the ritual dertaken in implicit confidence that the
has grown from its somewhat uncertain commerce of this port will this year fully
chrysalis to one as beautiful in its teach- warrant these large expenditures. These
ings as the work of any secret order, with improvements begin at the wharf end of
no words said or things done in its initi- the approach of 2800 feet, which is to be
tlatory ceremonies that are without their made double its present width to give
weight of thoughtful significance. It was more accommodation for drays and hotel
that characteristic that led a gentleman to omnibuses. The wharf Itself has been ex-
remark after his initiation: "I like this tended for the coming season, so that
better than any of the orders to which there will be a deep water frontage of 900
belong. It is so thoroughly Alaskan in all feet, which will give ample space for five
its work and in all its teachings, and large steamers to dock and unload at the
therefore of such service and benefit to same time. Other facilities in keeping with
those of the country of whose manhood this increase of accommodation have been
made, one of which is a new bonded ware-
it is so striking an example."
The order was fortunate in its second house of nearly the same diraensions, and
selection of an Arctic Chief to have in there is also, for local business, a cold
Major J. T. Hayne one who was not only storage for meats and so forth, and a warm
an ideal presiding officer, but one who had storage warehouse for vegetables, fruits
held high positions in the Knights of Pyth- and perishable goods generally, so that
fas. At the election of officers last Novem they may not be touched by the frost.
ber, the Brotherhood was equally fortu- The company has had the city water lale
nate in its cholce, Dr. I. H. Moore being on to the wharf, so that steamers may take
most enthusiastic Mason. He has been on their supply of water while unloading.
earnest in carrying on the work of Major Instead of having to make a special trip
Hayne, and in his devotion to the perfec- across the bay for the purpose.
All these great improvements, too, are
tion of the ritual and the improvement of
the order to a polat in keeping with ita but the beginning, it belag the intention
of the company to continue to keep its
prospective greatness.
But this must not be taken literally as wharf facilities ahead of the present needs
meaning that with the advent of Major of the business. What has so far been
Hayne as Aretle Chief the reformation of completed has always been done on a fore-
the ritual bogun. It was in evidence at cast of the needs for the following sea-
every session of the Brotherhood from its son. Those made last winter, for instance,
first, and this gradual but continual devel- were shown to be based on good judgment
of the amount of traffic that would come
opment of a central Idea is but another
demonstration of the high mental calibre this way, for in one single month of last
of the men who come to Skagway to make summer 5000 tons of freight were landed i
it their home and to build up their for- on its wharf. It is these large returns up-
tunes. On an average, perhaps, ten have
been initiated at each weekly session, and
of them there was one or more who saw
clearly the great future which the order
might develop into under proper guidance,
and they came to the fore with suggestions
born of their cosmopolitan experience and
their mental capacity.
THOSE WHO BLAZED THE TRAIL.
on the Investment that have encouraged the
company to again make a lavish expendi-
ture in preparation for the rush by this
oute to Nome,
A first-class system of handling ffelght
evalis in the wharf management, and
ustoms oeers are kept at the wharf to
provide for the speedy release and trans-
shipment of bonded goods, and also to
supervise the shipments of American mer-
Window shades, all sizes, at Peoples.
THE GERMAN BAKERY AND ITS
PROPRIETOR.
board elected Rev. Dr. Lamont Gordon, A.
What should make Skagway proud of
this establishment is not the fact that
it has added another daner bucket brigade
to her labor army so much as that it is the
ärst Alaskan enterpr to engage in the
manufacture of one other greatest prod-
acts that of her forsts. The timber
wealth of the district so immense as to
be entirely beyond caculation, and Con-
gress a long time agopassed a resolution
that none of this timer should be export-
ed out of Alaska. It sbuld have added an-
other section to this act giving a bonus.
to those who manufatured the product.
and so protect those ho engaged in this
new enterprise in this ew country against
the competition of the uge concerns in the
States whose machin flood the market
with the cheap furnitue that makes homes
tawdry.
Mr. Peoples did notwait for this protec-
tion-probably never hought of it-and
certainly has no needo fear such compe-
tition. For folding bes, bookcases, tables,
chairs and so on, ofthe less expensive
kind, he is now usiniAlaska spruce. He
finds some of it of a perior quality, and
with good workmen tms out an excellent
article that is a cred to the first home
manufacture of this imense home prod-
uct.
When the discussio of Alaskan affairs
comes up before Congss this session, and
some one asks: "Wt are we going to
do with our vast weal of Alaska timber;
how are we to get athing out of it un-
less permission is graed to ship it out of
Alaska?" the answer ill be: "Ask Peo-
ples, of Skagway."
The
GO TO SEATTLEY EXPRESS.
When the steamer City of Seattle"
started on her fast ts from this port
direct to the Sound, e boat found no
favor with the hotel oprietors, in fact,
The corner bakery and eating house be- they complained that took away their
It would not be proper and, in fact, it chandise.
came a restaurant of the premier class, guests too quickly. Bubw they look upon
would be invidious to mention any of Everybody in Skagway takes a deep in-
with plate glass windows and interior fit- the fleet steamer, altgh she only stays
these unless one could mention all, and terest in the enterprise of the Moore's
tings and decorations such as are only met a few hours in port, a sort of public (
to mention all is impossible, for the rea- Wharf Company and also in the wharf One of the first of the better class of with in the Delmonicos of the larger cities. benefactor, for she made such a rep-
son that many of them believe their ef- itself. In the summer it is the city's boule- restaurants established in the new city of But he had scarcely made his new restaur-utation for comfort a quick passage that
forts for the good of the order, like the vard and most fashionable promenade. Skagway was that of Fred Ronkendorf, ant and bakery the full one hundred its people from the inter will wait here for
charity it dispenses, should be a sacred There they go to fish, or to join boating
the depth of his lot, than other parties two or three days her arrival.
matter of personal satisfaction, of which parties, or merely to enjoy the sea breeze who came here with not only a lot of ex- sought to lease it, and a price was offered "City of Seattle" h in fact, won the
publicity would brush the dew of modest and the sunshine and the reflection of the perience but some hard cash in addition to that no business man in Skagway could first place in steamoopularity, and her
graciousness and brotherly generosity. snowclad peaks in the clear blue waters go into business. Of an energetic and have refused. Then Mr. Ronkendorf built passenger list on ey trip down must
But it is fitting in an article of this of the bay.
genial temperament that readily makes of himself another large restaurant, in many have made glad the arts of her Seattle
kind, a brief history of a powerful organi-
was superior and more stylish than his owners. In one mor of the past season
zation which came into existence humbly
business acquaintances personal friends, first endeavor. This is on Sixth Avenue al- she carried from he600 passengers. Her
Who is R. E. West? Why, don't you and with a full knowledge of what he was so, and it is in every way a credit to the record trip from to Seattle was 70
high position since the issue of our last know? He is the hustling Seattle Times attempting and how to go about it, a man city. It is still called by its old name, the hours and her rece for the round trip
edition, that some honor agent. Also agent for Atlin Mail Express. In any line of business could hardly fall German Bakery, for there is a bakery ad- six days and three urs.
should be paid to its founders, the men Headquarters, next to Kern's the jeweler, of success, especially in a new country. junct where anything from a maccaroon to
who blazed the trail, and, in a great State st.
12 16 Im Mr. Ronkendorf did not fail by any means. a bride cake can be made at short order,
measure, spent their own time and money
His German Bakery was very soon a pop- and as a caterer Mr. Ronkendorf is equal
in doing it.
A. A. Cutters boots, gold seal bottom ular eating house and as the city grew and to anything from a cold lunch to a sena-
To be registered as these trail blazers and leather top, at Clayson's. 12 21 tf put on frills, so did Fred's establishment. torial banquet.
and has fought it way up to its present
New Year's
Dr. O. F. Searffice and residence on
Holly street, near Se, opposite the Com
misary.
10 13 tf
Canadian Pacific
Navigation Co., Ltd.
Operating Steamships
AMUR, TEES
and DANUBE
Carrying Her Majesty's Mails.
Only Through line of steamers to B. C, Ports. Passengers for
Seattle will be transferred without extra charge to fast stamer Vic-
torian, which makes close connections with this Company's boats.
Passengers going to Sound Ports or Vancouver allowed a lay
over at Victoria
3 Days to Seattle
The steamer Ainur has been thoroughly overhauled and is now cap-
able of such speed that her passengers from Skagway can
reach Seattle in THREE DAYS
Sail Every Tuesday
WE RUN DIRECT
SERVICE UNEXCELLED
H. G. DALBY, Agt.
210 Broadway.
.....P. J.
CHRISTENSEN,.....
The Well-Known Wreekmaster and Boatbuilder
is now prepared to make contracts for building
SCOWS and BOATS
At Bennett, White Horse and Lower LaBarge
Wrecking Contracts
of all kinds undertaken, with a force of expert men
Office: 635 Fourth Avenue
SKAGWAY
