THE ESKIMO BULLETIN
Only Yearly in the World.
June, 1845.
VOLI. Gape Prince of Wales, Alaska.,
Terms per 70
Terms per year. Gold! Gold! Gold] Arctic Mail.
That we need better facilities
for mail, is evident from the
fact that the Bulletin can
communicate with the out-
Gold! Gold! Gold]
A New Eldorado
for
Vukon Miners.
Advertisements.
Rates Free. [Noads, from Pet.
Medicine Fakes with sensation
alatorios will be inserted in
this paper A New Eldorado
for
Yukon Miners. | Medicine Fakes with sensatio
alstories will be inserted
this paper
LOST A black dog-LastFull
meen Tiers sh - A black dog-Lastful
moon-Twe sleep's trader, and Mr. Hutlbert, the
Swedish Miss'n'y teacher at ants scal
tered over the wilds of Siberia
by dog and deer. Can't our
Government do as much for
Arctic Alaska?
opinion of an old Yukon prost belong to the P.C. herd- No char
It is unnecessary to delay the pector, will prove a bodan za ges. Ki-year-zruk.
trader, and Mr. Hutlbert, the Return to Il-la-yok's Fathen
Swedish Miss'n'y teacher at
Golovin Bay, have disco.ered, ND Three stray dear-No
gold, which, according to the FOUND marks Supposed to Golovin Bay, have disco.crcd,
gold, which, according to the FOUN
opinion of an old Yukon pros belong? OUND by dog and deer.
Cant our
Government do as much for
Arctic Alaskal
No
Golovin Bay, have oris copeto the FOUND Threk stray dear to
opinion of an old Yukon pros belong to the P.C. herd- No chan
It is unnecessary to delay the pector, will prove a bonanza ges. Ki-year-zruk.
establishing of a Mid-Winter Over It is in the vicinity of the
lone mail route from S.E. Alaska, old Golovin Lead
To exchange Win Rifle
where they have a bi-monthly moving bay net and Silver WANTED for six good, sled dogs
Kichen. establishing of a Mid-Winter Over It is in the vicinit of
exchange Win Rifle
Kichen.
UN-UT-KOOT, Dmeopathic Doc
•Do-mad-18-zuk,
where they have a bi-monthly old Golovin Bay Lead and Silver WANTED for was seeded dogs
mail, to Arctic Alaska, where until the Spring thaw.
Golovin Bay, March. 1895.
Reindeer.
we have a chance summer mail,
until the entire Ty. is stocked
with domesticatea reindeer.
ter and wind charmer.
No luck no Day. until the Spring thaw.
Golovin Bay, March. 1895.
Reindeer. UN-UT-KOOT meopathic Doc-
Do-mad-e-zuk, we have a chance summer mail,
until the entire Ty. is stocked
with domesticatea reindeer.
With tae numerous trained dogs
and native drivers which are
distributed along the river
Do-mad-e-zuk,
Golovin Bay, March. 1895. UN-UT-KOOT, Dromeopath is Doc
ter and wind charmer.
No luck, no par.
Reindeer
Although the Winter has KUNG-EE-SUK Un-Ft-Root
of
been a severe one our mis- Paleanathie te haal
the PIER Eat numerous Crained dopt
and native drivers which are
distributed along the river
valleys and sea-coast, and a
Few teams of trained deer, from
the herds in the region of Ben
of the
Although the Winter has KUNG-EE-SUK Un-Et-Root
been a severe one, our mis- Paleopathic School¬
Sion herd, now numbering 171, Res. Tpkarzruk suburb.
has thrived and multiplied.
Unlike last year, the Spring
worker and curiomate
Basement near Kossa. May very favorable.
The last sled from Brt Clarence
brings news that the Gov. herd: there has 125 fawns, with
only nine deaths, and An-to- slooks herd at Sing-e-yok'
has 66 fawas with four Beaths. mg this third year of the ex-
periment of introducing on
this continent, the Siberian
domesticated reindeer, it is
IMPORTER wind and current.
this continent, the Siberian
Much uneasiness was feltby domesticated reindeer, it is
their friends here, until, Oct., to be hoped that Congress,
when news come, through a Cape will no longer delay to make ming, Deerskins, and Leat
Tobacco.
LAST CHANCE ceeded in safely landing.
most of their baggage, dried ceeded in safely landing valuable animal-
fish and berries! winter. Only one
sive winters have 