OFFICIAL. INFORMATION BULLET

Issued Everday Except Monday, At Poston Arigona
By The War Relocation Authority

BOYLE HEIGHTS MOVES TO
POSTON; POPULATION
NOW TOTALS 6327 Special Services
Observe Memorial Day

He re T ,omorrow

** © * *

87 873 Angelenos Arrive By Train

More Expected Here | Here Tonight Lee ws
By tonight Poston's popula- American Legioners and Va-
tion will have exceeded the §000 rious civic and church groups are
mark with the arrival here of two cooperating in special Memorial
new trainloads of evacuees from Day services which will be held
the Boyle Heights district of Los at 8 aeme, tomorrow, at the
Angelese cleared square to the east of the

Poston community Storee
New colonists, all from this
area, reached here on Wednesday eee es
evening between 7 and 10 p.m.
The Angelenos totaled 673 and ar-

rived in Parker on two trainse Little Theater Calis

The now=f€miliar red Santa Fe For Actors, writers

busses met them at the depot and bias

transported them over the 19-mile Anticipating the development
road in batches of about 300. of a Little Theater in Poston, a

call has been sounded for actors
and script writers to mect wit!
Miss Sussie Omura at 31k.19,
Bldg. 10, Apt. A, Miss Omura will
interview all interested parties.

xe *& * *

Talent Show Plans
Are Taking Form

Poston's first large-scale oe
entertainment--The Talent Show-= — 3
will be presented to the public on ae
Tuesdey evening, June 2, in Recre-
ation Hall Noe 5 and Thursday
evening, June 4, in Recreation
Fell Noe 43. Preformers are now
rehearsing for the show add fur=
ther announcements will be made
in the Baily Bulletin.

a

fn important meeting of mo=
hers residing in Blocks 2l, 22,
27, and 26, have been called for
1:30 pem. today at Mess Hall Noe
2. An interesting program of dis-
cussion is promised for those who

Oppottunity For Dancing Teacher attends
A ballet or toe-dancing cy)
teacher is needed. See Johnny
Hamagiwa at Red. Hall j#ij2 every- THE FIRE DEPARTMENT will soon meve
; day except Sunday from 6:30 asm. to it's new permanent quarters
a to 5:00 pom. between Blocks 29 and 30. Please

watch bulletin board for further
notice.

