THE DAILY ALASKAN, NEW YEAR'S EDITION, 1900
Aurora Borealis of
Life on the Trail.
SKAGWAY WOMEN.
NE of the most flattering incidents
of the reception given to the Amer-
ican members of the Joint High Com-
mission and United States Senators last
summer, in the large pavilion erected by.
the Chamber of Commerce for the. fur-
The Pacific Coast Co .. Owner and Operator of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company
Growth and Popularity of the Arctic Brotherhood.
When the wearled Yukoner comes in on are W. H. Blackwell, Thos. W. Farns-
the evening train, the first thing to strike worth, the first Arctic Chief, Ernest F.
his eye is the warm glow from the win-
Miller and his brother, August H. Miller,
Major Strickland, of the Northwest mount-
pose, was their expressions of surprise
at the fashionable evening toilettes of
the Skagway women present. What is
more pleasing is the fact that the com-
pliment came from women of the leading
society of the United States, the wives
and friends of the distinguished visitors.
For it is true that a man is an unreliable
critic in such matters, and although the
softer sex "dress and array themselves
in all the modest pride that Art invents
her beauty to improve," for the express
purpose of pleasing and attracting the
sterne. sex, yet the latter sees only the
general effects, and never troubles him-
self as to how they are produced.
The compliment was as well-deserved
as it was flattering. With the prosperity
of the first winter in mind, the men who
had roughed it in bachelor dirt and dis-
order sent for their wives and families;
homes were built for them and other
families followed. Prosperity continu-
ing, the wives and grown daughters be-
gan to wear its outward and visible signs.
Where "any old thing" seemed to be
good enough in the beginning the femi-
inine mind began to ponder upou and
THE ELEGANT STEAMERS
"COTTAGE CITY,"
"CITY OF TOPEKA"
dows of the Arctic Brotherhood Club, just ed police, and G. O. Rinearson. They were
across the way from the depot. It looks the original suggestors of the movement,
to him, especially if he is a member of the a
brotherhood, like comfort, civilization,
e and at the first meeting they added to their
numbers Dr. A. H. Bryant, the real estate
dealer; Dr. Mahlon F. Hall, Charles E
Moody, .banker; Ernest Peck, lawyer
home. And what member, or what Alas-
kan, for that matter, but must feel proud Harrie B. Thacher, who was the first Camp
of such an institution and its home. For
Recorder; James A. Nettles, W. A. Miller
and Captain E. W. Johnston. Of these there
the large handsome building on Broadway
are now resident in Skagway and as active
that bears on the transom over its doors members of the organization, as they were
tue words "Arctic Brotherhood' is un-
at its inception, the Miller Brothers, who
doubleuly the handsomest club.building in
au alasad, and even in the Pacific North-
Weal there is probably no social organiza-
Lua lual bas so large aud comfortable a
were the first Arctic guides over the new-
ly-blazed trail; W. H. Blackwell and James
A. Nettles, the first Trail Blazer elected
by the Order. The credit for the title of
Arctic Brotherhood is due to Major Strick-
land. The Skagway Camp has long been
kuia club house will long remain one of
a parent and is really the Grand Camp of
the order, although not yet formally or-
--- Que Open-handed
luckauty tual waraed tue early sellieia
ganized as such. It has already establish-
ed prosperous camps at Bennett, Tagish,
Atlin, Dawson, Circle City and Juneau.
Of the membership of these camps there is
was asalscu Olu ol Lue leaders, pro. Cap-
lain An. W. JOulavu, pfcacuteu it wita a
no recent record at hand, but it can be
safely estimated that its rosters would
place the total number of members of the
order at from one thousand to fifteen
Way yvodible of aile la the luterior. But nundred. And all this has been accom-
bio. Caplain irving,
plished since March last. The camps at
Victoria and gave to
Bennett, Tagish and Atlin were personally
TAC CAND 10,000
feet
of fine build-
and " AL-KI"
This Company's Steamers Arrive on Time and Leave on Time, Every Five
Days, Plying Between Puget Sound Points and Skagway.
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's Steamers for San Francisco
established by the first Arctic Chief, Thom-
Close Connection with all Trans-Continental Railroads.
lug tumour. Kaese two acts of uber-
as W. Farnsworth.
ausy achudialed the generosity of stul
auviher lucwDer, brotuer r. H. Wood-
Pun, W20 picachieu au aujoining lot, so
tual a cauD house might be erected on a
feet by ninety. Of this the lodge room
ITS MUSEUM FEATURES.
The Brotherhood's building at this port
is two stories high and measures thirty
desire the latest fashionable fads and
Regular U. S. Mail and Alaska Express Line
fancies. Then came, according to the
natural laws of supply and demand, the
firm of J. S. Graham, which started first
on Fourth avenue but some time later
audio il aceplug with the rapid growth of
takes up twenty-nine and a half feet by
sixty, the full two stories in height. Then
there is the wide entrance hall and the
spacious reception and reading room be
fore referred to, and three dressing rooms.
Above these is a wide balcony for the or
chestra, composed of members, which dis-
the city. For every member of the Brother-
houd is a arm believer in the future of
Saagway, alu lu its rapidly growing im-
pursauce as lae great seaport for all the
coinLierce of luis vast Notaland.
"Taus it was that the plaus of the pro-
DOseu Club house Were continually chaug-
lug to keep up with the development tual
Was taking place, while the plans were
Still under discussion. Even after the eree-
tiva of the bulding was fairly under way
tue plans were often modined. The gift of
the number aid away wita tae log cabin
idea, so far as the use of logs was con
Cerued, but some members stul ciung to
the idea, and to meet their views it was
determined to give the front elevation the
Semblance of a log structure, and to this
end it was covered with siabs.
had to seek larger quarters and is now
well-established in the Kelly block.
This tirin is the only one in the city that
devotes itself entirely to what is called
"ladies' furnishings" but it also carries
a large stock, constantly renewed, of the
latest fashions in cloaks and tailor made
suits and hats. That our women appre
ciate this and are able to keep themselves
well in the van of fashion's rapid march,
Courteous Treatment and Splendid Meals
courses sweet music throughout the work
of the ritual, and emphasizes its solemnity
or gives the signal for seemly mirth. A
quartette of male voices also occupies the
balcony during the lodge meetings. Back
of this balcony and fronting on Broad-
For Further Information see the Company's Agent,
way is a large room intended for billiards
and a sleeping apartment for the house
FRANK W. WHITE, Broadway, Skagway
steward. The whole building is completely
furnished in excellent taste, and is just
beginning to receive those interesting and
H. F. ROBINSON, Alaska Supt., Juneau, Alaska.
J. F. TROWBRIDGE, Puget Sound Supt., Seattle Wash.
home-like touches which could only have is shown by the fact that a Chicago poet
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., General Agents, San Francisco, Cal
been given by personal gifts to it of Alaska
relics, Indian curios, mineralogical speci-
RECORD FOR POSTERITY.
some months ago tuned his lyre to the
tune of "The Grey Goose Quill." The
ladies of Skagway had been wearing the
grey goose quill in their hats for weeks
tomber, waen all skagway was invited, rapid growth of the order. Members trav- before that poem appeared.
and nearly ail attended, the inconsistency eling to the interior find in it a home of
of a log cabin front with massive oaken comfort where they can spend their hours
The truly rural idea was permitted to mens, furs, art work in gnarled branches
extend no further, however, and when the
of trees, pictures and books and so on.
Brothernood entertained their first guests
This handsome club house has un-
at the housewarming on the 24th of Sep- doubtedly been an important factor in the
doors, and wide windows of the finest of waiting in reading, writing, playing
piate, and electire liguts flaring out a games, greeting old acquaintances and
Welcome, were very apparent. They were forming new ones. It is the place of all
more so in the interior, for the reception places, before its glowing open ffreplace,
to swap "bad luck stories," to recount the
room was found to be as sumptuously ap-
pointed as that of any ciub in the large hardships gone through before the enjoy
cities. The oid idea of a quaint sort of a ment of such luxury was reached. On the
bunk house which should be unique and |visitors' book of the club there are al
entirely typical of the early days here, ready many pages of names, and the writ-
had been entirely dissipated by the larger ers of every one of these autographs will
infusion of new members, wao argued that, heartily join with the Daily Alaskan in
KAUFMAN BROS.
T
CHE name of Kaufman Bros, is as
opened up the college in temporary quar-
ters at the corner of Eighth and Main
Streets. Now some fifty students are ad-
vancing rapidly and under as good chances
as they could in any school in the United
States.
HIGHER EDUCATION.
Three years ago one would never have
Mrs. E. S. V. McComb, the preceptress
Spposed that there would ever be any
of the primary department, is an accom-
Connection between the supposed barren | plished lady, and is a graduate of Michi
any other kind of education, except in a
"household word" in Alaska, they allls and dales of Alaska and higher, or gan University.
Mrs. L. Gordon, wife of the president,
missionary way to the tribes of Indians has also begun a kindergarten class in con-
located here and there.
nection with the collegiate school.
Mrs.
as the building was bound to beco.ne nis-
torical, it would be wiser to snow in !
wishing the Brotherhood "A Happy New
Year.">
brothers having come from Olympia an
established themselves in Juneau years
and years ago. There their store is
feature of the principal street and is the
leading store in its liue in the city. The
that the pioneers were men of taste and
a
0
culture and artistic skill, and certainly the
Brotherhood, in the decoration of the in-
terior of its clab building and in all its
appointments, has written over its
tais record for post
Phar
mony of coloring
recept
brothers have done much the same thii
Alaska of today and then are two dif-
Gordon graduated at Piedmont College
Cumming, Ga., the first school in the
erent countries; then bleak, barren, al-
United States that Dr. Gordon presided
Bost unknown; but now Uncle Sam's most
aluable territory, and possessing as flour-
over.
thing cities and towns as any other part
Parents now have no excuse to send their
of his domain. From transient mining children below. Higher education has got
camps have sprung permanent cities with its start in Alaska, and the magnificent na-
elegant homes, and every appliance that tive granite building now nearly com-
modern ingenuity could give has been pleted will be the pride of Skagway and
uthized. With all this came the necessity Alaska. It will lead to other high schools
for schools and to keep our boys and girls at Juneau, Dawson and other points, and
Skagway College will be the graduating
at home instead of sending them to the
Routh became a vital issue.
centre.
MOORE'S WHARF.
here. Very early iu 1898, in fact as sog
as the town showed any reliable sigus
permanency, S. G. and I. Kaufman cau
town and secured premises in
Moore's Wharf is often referred to as
ne of the greatest investments in South-
It would be was then the only business blod
Broadway,
is senhor Pay J. J. Walters, Ph. D.,
Je wright yet harmonious color
The Brotherhood has grown eveneniore
thail Skagway itself. It only started last
spring, with about a dozen charter mem-
bers, yet its roster today carries nearly
500 members with a number of initiations
at every weekly meeting; therefore it is
bound to be the most powerful organiza
Hou in Alaska. Its membership includes
the Governor and the Judge of the United
States District Court and other Alaskan
Ouucials, officers of the United States army
and navy, many of the best known Klon
dikers, the leading lawyers, doctors and
tuercaants of Skagway, majors, inspectors
and privates of the Canadian police and
Gtaer British born. For the order is en-
tirely non-political, and whatever the
American or the Canadian may individ-
uny think of the Alaska boundary ques-
ton, he cannot fall to notice in the lodge
rood the Stars and Stripes and the Union
Jack entwined, with the motto connect-
Ing them: "No Boundary Line Here."
BEAUTY OF ITS RITUAL.
teadwell min
would come first, the goods, and particularly to all the dan
"sions by the M. E. Church, ato Seek.g
White Pass & Yukon Railway second and
Mocre's Wharf third. The two latter are
fabrics with which woman is wont t
needs of the people, he at once seized the
opportunity, and together with a few not-
adorn herself, the Kaufman brothers
able citizens-Dr. I. H. Moore, Messrs.
FURNITURE MAKER.
closely allied, as the wharf is the termi-
nus of the railroad, and goods can be
soon built up a large trade. Their prem-
Whiting, Sengfelder, Burnham, Shorthill,
taken from the vessel and placed in the
cars on the other side of the wharf. Very
ises were too small. They enlarged them
soon the railroad company will have in |They were still too small, and they pur-
operation a large steam crane, and by the
Brownell, Dr. Niskern, Hayne and a few
others, a good subscription list was gotten
up and the foundation stone of the first
collegiate school in Alaska was laid by
freight from the steamer's hold directly
Dr. Kellogg of Oregon, in the presence of
a large concourse of people from all major portion of that time had reaped a
use of this it will be possible to lift heavy
chased a piece of property on Fifth ave-
nue on which to build the largest store
parts.
During the first year of Skagway's his-
tory nearly every man who remained the
success at least sufficiently large to justi-
fy him in sending for his family and mak-
ing this his permanent home. Homes in-
numerable sprung up everywhere, in the
busy city and in its quiet suburbs, and
builders, carpenters, house painters and
paper hangers were soon reaping a rich
harvest. But they are not sufficient in
themselves to make a home. After the
house is completed it needs furniture to
make it a home. And so great was the de-
mand for furniture that E. R. Peoples felt
justified in starting a manufactory to meet
it. That his venture has proven a success
is substantially shown by the fact that his
business buildings now occupy such a
large piece of ground and that he is again
considering the advisability of enlarging.
The salesrooms and sample rooms are
50x50 feet, and the manufacturing depart-
ment occupies two floors of a building ad
Joining of 75x25 feet. In this latter de-
partment ten workmet are employed, who
turn out all kinds of upholstery and wood-
work, from the latest styles of drawing
room luxury to the more necessary kitchen
table.
What should make Skagway proud o
this establishment is not the fact that
it has added another daner bucket brigade
to her labor army so mich as that it is the
first Alaskan enterpris to engage in the
manufacture of one ofher greatest prod
ictsesthat of her forsts.
The timber
wealth of the district so immense as to
be entirely beyond caculation, and Con-
gress a long time agopassed a resolution
that none of this timer should be export
ed out of Alaska. It sbuld have added an
other section to thisact giving a bonus
to those who manufitured the product.
and so protect those ho engaged in this
new enterprise in thisnew country against
the competition of thejuge concerns in the
States whose machin flood the market
with the cheap furniture that makes homes
tawdry.
Mr. Peoples did notwait for this protec-
tion-probably neverthought of it-and
certainly has no needo fear such compe-
tition. For folding bei, bookcases, tables
chairs and so on, ofthe less expensive
kind, he is now usin Alaska spruce. He
finds some of it of a perior quality, and
with good workmen tins out an excellent
article that is a cred to the first home
manufacture of this imense home prod-
uct.
When the discussio of Alaskan affairs
comes up before Congss this session, and
some one asks: "WE are we going to
do with our vast weal of Alaska timber;
how are we to get anhing out of it un-
less permission is grad to ship it out of
Alaska?" the answer ill be: "Ask Peo-
ples, of Skagway."
on to the cars standing on the tracks. It |of its kind in Alaska. But there was some
The founders, regularly organized as a
board of trustees,
named the institution
is possible, also, that a track will be laid
trouble about a fraction of the property
along the sea front of the wharf to further
purchased, or which they intended to
acilitate trans-shipment.
The Moore's Wharf Company has al
purchase, and building operations have
ways shown its enterprise in planning for
the future and making large outlays in ad- not yet been begun. Both brothers are
"McCabe College," after Bishop C. C. Mc-
Jabe, D. D., who has done more for the
Methodist Episcopal Church in Alaska than
any other man. It being Important that
"work should begin in the fall of '99, the
board elected Rev. Dr. Lamont Gordon, A
M., and B. Sc., of Oxford University and
Aberdeen, Scotland, as the first president.
Dr. Gordon, who was president of the
M. E. Seminary at Du Pont, Ga., was noti-
fied, and, with his family, arrived in Skag-
way on September 14th, and on the 19th
vance of present requirments, and time
members of the Chamber of Commerce,
aas proved the soundness of its judgment
Last year the company spent about $50,
aud Mr. I. Kaufman is also an energetic
member of Hook and Ladder Co. No. I.
100 in construction work alone, all in prep-
aration for the great travel we had through
this port last season, and in full confi-
dence that there would be this large traf
ic. The company is sometimes unfavorably
referred to as a foreign corporation, for
which there is no basis except that some
of its shareholders reside in London; but
t has certainly proven itself to ba more
American than most American Investors
in the abiding faith it has shown as to the
Not only in mere membership has the or
ganization so rapidly grown, but the char-
acter of it has gradually changed as more
men of high attainments joined and took
an interest In its work. It was, for in
stance, when stated, little, If anything
nore thac an association for mere amuse-
meLt. Since then, however, men of
thoughtful minds have been more promi-
Dent in its counsela; men too, who were
the stimulation of this influence the ritual
has grown from its somewhat uncertain
chrysalis to one as beautiful in its teach-
ings as the work of any secret order, with
no words said or things done in its Initi-
tiatory ceremonies that are without their
weight of thoughtful significance. It was
that characteristic that led a gentleman to
remark after his initiation: "I like this
certain growth and coming importance of
Skagway.
The company is now completing still
dertaken in implicit confidence that the
commerce of this port will this year fully
warrant these large expenditures. These
Improvements begin at the wharf end of
the approach of 2800 feet, which is to bo
made double its present width to give
more accommodation for drays and hotel
omnibuses. The wharf Itself has been ex
high up in other secret orders, and under further important Improvements, all un-
tended for the coming season, so that
better than any of the orders to which 1 |there will be a deep water frontage of 900
belong. It is so thoroughly Alaskan in all
feet, which will give ample space for five
its work and in all its teachings, and | large steamers to dock and unload at the
therefore of such service and benefit to
those of the country of whose manhood
it Is so striking an example."
The order was fortunate in Its second
selection of an Arctic Chief to have in
Major J. T. Hayne one who was not only
an Ideal presiding officer, but one who had
held high positions in the Knights of Pyth-
fas. At the election of officers last Novem
ber, the Brotherhood was equally fortu-
nate in its choice. Dr. I. H. Moore being
a most enthusiastic Mason. He has been
earnest in carrying on the work of Major
Hayne, and in his devotion to the perfec-
tion of the ritual and the Improvement of
the order to a point in keeping with ita
prospective greatness.
But this must not be taken literally as
meaning that with the advent of Major
Hayne as Arctle Chief the reformation of
the ritual bogun. It was in evidence at
every session of the Brotherhood from its
first, and this gradual but continual devel-
opment of a central Idea is but another
demonstration of the high mental calibre
of the men who come to Skagway to make
it their home and to build up their for-
tunes. On an average, perhaps, ten have
been initiated at each weekly session, and
of them there was one or more who saw
clearly the great future which the order
might develop into under proper guidance,
and they came to the fore with suggestions
bora of their cosmopolitan experience and
their mental capacity.
same time. Other facilities In keeping with
this increase of accommodation have been
made, one of which Is a new bonded wars-
house of nearly the same dirdensions, and
there is also, for local business, a cold
storage for meats and so forth, and a warm
storage warehouse for vegetables, fruits
and perishable goods generally, so that
they may not be touched by the frost.
The company has had the city water lale
on to the wharf, so that steamers may take
on their supply of water while unloading.
Instead of having to make a special trip
across the bay for the purpose.
All these great improvements, too, arc
but the beginning, it being the intention
of the company to continue to keep its
wharf facilities ahead of the present needs
of the business. What has so far been
completed has always been done on a fore-
cast of the needs for the following sea-
son. Those made last winter, for Instance,
were shown to be based on good julgmen
of the amount of traffic that would come
this way, for in one single month of last
summer 5000 tons of freight were landed
on its wharf. It is these large returns u ?-
n the Investment that have encouraged the
company to again make a lavish expendi-
ture in preparation for the rush by this
gute to Nome.
A first-class system of handling freight
evalis in the wharf management, and
ustoms officers are kept at the wharf to
provide for the speedy release and trans-
shipment of bonded goods, and also to
supervise the shipments of American mer-
chandise.
Everybody in Skagway takes a deep in-
THOSE WHO BLAZED THE TRAIL.
It would not be proper and, in fact, it
would be Invidious to mention any of
these unless one could mention all, and terest in the enterprise of the Moore's
to mention all is impossible, for the rea-
Wharf Company and also in the wharf
Itself. In the summer it is the city's boule-
vard and most fashionable promenade.
There they go to fish, or to join boating
parties, or merely to enjoy the sea breeze
son that many of them believe their ef-
forts for the good of the order, like the
charity it dispenses, should be a sacred
matter of personal satisfaction, of which
who came here with not only a lot of ex-
publicity would brush the dew of modest
graciousness and brotherly generosity.
But it is fitting in an article of this of the bay.
kind, a brief history of a powerful organi-
zation which came into existence humbly
Who is R. E. West? Why, don't you
and has fought it way up to its present
high position since the issue of our last know? He is the hustling Seattle Times
agent. Also agent for Atlin Mail Express.
Headquarters, next to Kern's the jeweler, | of success, especially in a new country.
· Window shades, all sizes, at Peoples.
-
THE GERMAN BAKERY AND ITS
PROPRIETOR.
GO TO SEATTLEY EXPRESS.
When the steamerCity of Seattle'
started on her fast es from this port
direct to the Sound, e boat found no
favor with the hotel oprietors, in fact,
they complained that . took away their
guests too quickly. Bubw they look upon
the fleet steamer, altigh she only stays
a few hours in port, a sort of public
benefactor, for she hmade such a rep-
utation for comfort ajquick passage that
people from the inter will wait here for
two or three days ther arrival. The
"City of Seattle" h in fact, won the
The corner bakery and eating house be-
came a restaurant of the premier class,
with plate glass windows and interior fit-
tings and decorations such as are only met
One of the first of the better class of with in the Delmonicos of the larger cities.
restaurants established in the new city of But he had scarcely made his new restaur-
Skagway was that of Fred Ronkendorf,
ant and bakery the full one hundred feet,
the depth of his lot, than other parties
sought to lease it, and a price was offered
and the sunshine and the reflection of the perience but some hard cash in addition to
snowclad peaks in the clear blue waters go into business. Of an energetic and have refused. Then Mr. Ronkendorf built
that no business man in Skagway could first place in steameopularity, and her
himself another large restaurant, in many
passenger list on dy trip down must
have made glad thearts of her Seattle
owners. In one mor of the past season
she carried from he600 passengers. Her
record trip from h to Seattle was 70
hours and her rece for the round trip
six days and threeurs.
genial temperament that readily makes of
business acquaintances personal friends,
first endeavor. This is on Sixth Avenue al-
was superior and more stylish than his
and with a full knowledge of what he was so, and it is in every way a credit to the
attempting and how to go about it, a man city. It is still called by its old name, the
New Year's
edition, that some honor
should be paid to its founders, the men
who blazed the trail, and, In a great State st.
12 16 Im
Mr. Ronkendorf did not fail by any means.
His German Bakery was very soon a pop- and as a caterer Mr. Ronkendorf is equal
in any line of business could hardly fall German Bakery, for there is a bakery ad-
junct where anything from a maccaroon to
a bride cake can be made at short order,
measure, spent their own time and money
in doing It.
Dr. O. F. Seanffice and residence on
Holly street, near $e, opposite the Com
misarv.
A: A. Cutters boots, gold seal bottom
ular eating house and as the city grew and
to anything from a cold lunch to a sena-
To be registered as these trail blazers and leather top, at Clayson's.
12 21 tf
put on frills, so did Fred's establishment. torial banquet.
Canadian Pacific
Navigation Co., Ltd.
Operating Steamships
AMUR, TEES
and DANUBE
Carrying Her Majesty's Mails.
Only Through line of steamers to B. C, Ports. Passengers for
Seattle will be transferred without extra charge to fast st. amer Vic-
torian, which makes close connections with this Company's boats.
Passengers going to Sound Ports or Vancouver allowed a lay
over at Victoria
3 Days to Seattle
The stramer Ainur has been thoroughly overhauled and is now cap-
able of such speed that her passengers from Skagway can
reach Seattle in THREE DAYS
Sail Every Tuesday
WE RUN DIRECT
SERVICE UNEXCELLED
H. G. DALBY, Agt.
210 Broadway.
.P. J. CHRISTENSEN, .....
The Well-Known Wreekmaster and Boatbuilder
is now prepared to make contracts for building
SCOWS and BOATS
At Bennett, White Horse and Lower LaBarge
Wrecking . Contracts
of all kinds undertaken, with a force of expert men
Office: 635 Fourth Avenue
SKAGWAY
10 13 tf
